3.11.9



Site notifications
Skip to main content
Dashboard
Job Simulations
Jobs

Mc
Company Logo
GenAI


Intro & Scenario

Background context and your project team

intermediate


1
Data extraction and initial analysis

Extract key financial data and lay the groundwork for AI-driven insights

intermediate

1-2 hours


2
Developing an AI-powered financial chatbot

Leverage your recent analysis and develop an AI-powered financial chatbot, transforming data into interactive insights

intermediate

1-2 hours

Data extraction and initial analysis

More pages
Task instructions
Your task is to manually extract key financial data for the years 2023 to 2025 from the 10-K filings of Microsoft, Tesla, and Apple. Following the data collection, you will use Python to analyze this data, focusing on trends and insights that could inform the development of an AI-powered financial chatbot.

Step 1: Data extraction
Navigate to the SEC's EDGAR database:

Microsoft
Tesla
Apple
Manual extraction:

For each company, find the 10-K filings for the years 2023 to 2025.
Extract the following financial figures: Total Revenue, Net Income, Total Assets, Total Liabilities, and Cash Flow from Operating Activities.
Organize Your Data:

Compile the extracted data into an Excel spreadsheet for easy reference during your Python analysis.
Step 2: Preparing your Jupyter Notebook environment
Install Jupyter (if not already installed):

Install Jupyter using pip if you haven't already:
pip install notebook
Launch Jupyter Notebook:
jupyter notebook
This command should open Jupyter in your web browser.
Create a new notebook:

In the Jupyter interface, create a new notebook for your analysis.
Step 3: Python analysis in Jupyter
Import pandas:

At the beginning of your notebook, import the pandas library to work with your data.
import pandas as pd
Load your data:

Convert your Excel file to a CSV file for easier handling, then load it into a DataFrame.
df = pd.read_csv('path_to_your_csv_file.csv')
Analyzing trends with pandas:

Use pandas to calculate year-over-year changes for each financial metric. You can do this by creating new columns in your DataFrame that represent the percentage change from one year to the next.
df['Revenue Growth (%)'] = df.groupby(['Company'])['Total Revenue'].pct_change() * 100
df['Net Income Growth (%)'] = df.groupby(['Company'])['Net Income'].pct_change() * 100
Explore other aggregate functions or groupings to analyze the data across different dimensions (by company, over years, etc.).
Summarizing findings:

Conclude your analysis by summarizing your findings directly in the notebook. Use markdown cells to add narrative explanations of your analysis, discussing the trends and changes in financial metrics you've identified.
Step 4: Documentation and submission
Document your analysis: Use the markdown feature in Jupyter Notebook to document your methodology, observations, and conclusions throughout the notebook.
Export your notebook: Once your analysis is complete, export your Jupyter Notebook as a PDF or HTML file for submission.
You can do this from the "File" menu in Jupyter, selecting "Download as" and then choosing your preferred format.
This approach allows you to focus on the core analytical aspects using pandas within a Jupyter Notebook, providing a clear, documented narrative of your financial analysis process. By the end of this task, you'll have a comprehensive understanding of how to analyze financial data programmatically, a valuable skill set for data-driven decision-making.

 

File Upload

Upload your Jupyter Notebook

Select a file or drag one here
Upload File
Allowed file types JS, JSX, TS, TSX, MJS, CJS, JSON, PY, HTML, SH, CSS, PL, CGI, CER, CFM, HTM, C, CLASS, CPP, CS, H, JAVA, PHP, SWIFT, VB, ASP, ASPX, JSP, PART, RSS, XHTML, CSV, PATCH, IPYNB, VUE, MD, MARKDOWN

 MenuMenu
 SectionsSections
Search Facts
 DataData
 TagsTags
 More FiltersMore Filters
Facts 1,131
aapl-20250927.htm1,131

 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
 
FORM 10-K
 
(Mark One)
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended September 27, 2025
or
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from              to             .
Commission File Number: 001-36743
 
g66145g66i43.jpg
Apple Inc.
(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
 
California		94-2404110
(State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation or organization)
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
One Apple Park Way		
Cupertino, California
95014
(Address of principal executive offices)		(Zip Code)
 
(408) 996-1010
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class	Trading symbol(s)	Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share
AAPL	The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
0.000% Notes due 2025	—	The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
1.625% Notes due 2026	—	The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
2.000% Notes due 2027	—	The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
1.375% Notes due 2029	—	The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
3.050% Notes due 2029	—	The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
0.500% Notes due 2031	—	The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
3.600% Notes due 2042	—	The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
 
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes  ☒     No  ☐
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes  ☐     No  ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes  ☒     No  ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files).
Yes  ☒     No  ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer		☒		Accelerated filer		☐
Non-accelerated filer		☐		Smaller reporting company		☐
Emerging growth company		☐
 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).
Yes  ☐     No  ☒
The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, as of March 28, 2025, the last business day of the Registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $3,253,431,000,000. Solely for purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by executive officers and directors of the Registrant as of such date have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of executive officers and directors as affiliates is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purposes.
14,776,353,000 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding as of October 17, 2025.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the Registrant’s definitive proxy statement relating to its 2026 annual meeting of shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. The Registrant’s definitive proxy statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates.
 


Apple Inc.

Form 10-K
For the Fiscal Year Ended September 27, 2025
TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page
Part I
Item 1.
Business
1
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
5
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
17
Item 1C.
Cybersecurity
17
Item 2.
Properties
17
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
18
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
18
Part II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
19
Item 6.
[Reserved]
20
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
21
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
27
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
28
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
52
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
52
Item 9B.
Other Information
53
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
53
Part III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
53
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
53
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
53
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
53
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
53
Part IV
Item 15.
Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules
54
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
57
 


This Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”) contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. Many of the forward-looking statements are located in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Business” and Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. For example, statements in this Form 10-K regarding the potential future impact of macroeconomic conditions and tariffs and other measures on the Company’s business and results of operations are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as “future,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the Company’s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law.
Unless otherwise stated, all information presented herein is based on the Company’s fiscal calendar, and references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. Each of the terms the “Company” and “Apple” as used herein refers collectively to Apple Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated.
PART I
Item 1.    Business
Company Background
The Company designs, manufactures and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and sells a variety of related services. The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September.
Products
iPhone
iPhone® is the Company’s line of smartphones based on its iOS operating system. The iPhone line includes iPhone 17 Pro, iPhone Air™, iPhone 17, iPhone 16 and iPhone 16e.
Mac
Mac® is the Company’s line of personal computers based on its macOS® operating system. The Mac line includes laptops MacBook Air® and MacBook Pro®, as well as desktops iMac®, Mac mini®, Mac Studio® and Mac Pro®.
iPad
iPad® is the Company’s line of multipurpose tablets based on its iPadOS® operating system. The iPad line includes iPad Pro®, iPad Air®, iPad and iPad mini®.
Wearables, Home and Accessories
Wearables includes smartwatches, wireless headphones and spatial computers. The Company’s line of smartwatches, based on its watchOS® operating system, includes Apple Watch® Series 11, Apple Watch SE® 3 and Apple Watch Ultra® 3. The Company’s line of wireless headphones includes AirPods®, AirPods Pro®, AirPods Max® and Beats® products. Apple Vision Pro™ is the Company’s spatial computer based on its visionOS® operating system.
Home includes Apple TV 4K®, the Company’s media streaming and gaming device based on its tvOS® operating system, and HomePod® and HomePod mini®, high-fidelity wireless smart speakers.
Accessories includes Apple-branded and third-party accessories.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 1

Services
Advertising
The Company’s advertising services include third-party licensing arrangements and the Company’s own advertising platforms.
AppleCare
The Company offers a portfolio of fee-based service and support products under the AppleCare® brand. The offerings provide priority access to Apple technical support, access to the global Apple authorized service network for repair and replacement services, and in many cases additional coverage for instances of accidental damage or theft and loss, depending on the country and type of product.
Cloud Services
The Company’s cloud services store and keep customers’ content up-to-date and available across multiple Apple devices and Windows personal computers.
Digital Content
The Company operates various platforms, including the App Store®, that allow customers to discover and download applications and digital content, such as books, music, video, games and podcasts.
The Company also offers digital content through subscription-based services, including Apple Arcade®, a game service; Apple Fitness+®, a personalized fitness service; Apple Music®, which offers users a curated listening experience with on-demand radio stations; Apple News+®, a news and magazine service; and Apple TV®, which offers exclusive original content and live sports.
Payment Services
The Company offers payment services, including Apple Card®, a co-branded credit card, and Apple Pay®, a cashless payment service.
Segments
The Company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company’s reportable segments consist of the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. Americas includes both North and South America. Europe includes European countries, as well as India, the Middle East and Africa. Greater China includes China mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Rest of Asia Pacific includes Australia, New Zealand and those Asian countries not included in the Company’s other reportable segments. Although the reportable segments provide similar hardware and software products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the Company’s customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region.
Markets and Distribution
The Company’s customers are primarily in the consumer, small and mid-sized business, education, enterprise and government markets. The Company sells its products and resells third-party products in most of its major markets directly to customers through its retail and online stores and its direct sales force. The Company sells its services in the same markets through its various service platforms. The Company also employs a variety of indirect distribution channels, such as third-party cellular network carriers and other resellers, for the sale of its products and certain of its services. During 2025, the Company’s net sales through its direct and indirect distribution channels accounted for 40% and 60%, respectively, of total net sales.
Competition
The markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive and are characterized by aggressive price competition, downward pressure on gross margins, continual improvement in product performance, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. The markets in which the Company competes are further defined by frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, and rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors. Many of the Company’s competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the Company’s products and infringing on its intellectual property.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 2

The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. Principal competitive factors important to the Company include price, product and service features (including security features), relative price and performance, product and service quality and reliability, design and technology innovation, a strong third-party software and accessories ecosystem, marketing and distribution capability, service and support, corporate reputation, and the ability to effectively protect and enforce the Company’s intellectual property rights.
The Company is focused on expanding its market opportunities related to smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and services. The Company’s products and services face substantial competition from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software, and service offerings with large customer bases. In addition, the Company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the Company’s product features and applications within their products to offer more competitive solutions. The Company also expects competition to intensify as competitors imitate the Company’s approach to providing components seamlessly within their offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions. Some of the Company’s competitors have broad product lines, low-priced products, large installed bases of active devices, and large customer bases. Competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. Certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss. The Company has a minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer, tablet and wearables markets, and some of the markets in which the Company competes have from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted overall.
Supply of Components
Although most components essential to the Company’s business are generally available from multiple sources, certain components are currently obtained from single or limited sources. The Company also competes for various components with other participants in the markets for smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories. Therefore, many components used by the Company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortage and significant commodity pricing fluctuations. Restrictions on international trade can increase the cost or limit the availability of the Company’s products and the components and rare earths and other raw materials that go into them.
The Company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. The Company has entered into agreements for the supply of many components; however, the Company may not be able to extend or renew agreements for the supply of components on similar terms, or at all, and may not be successful in obtaining sufficient quantities from its suppliers or in a timely manner, or in identifying and obtaining sufficient quantities from an alternative source. In addition, component suppliers may fail, be subject to consolidation within a particular industry, or decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements, further limiting the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
Research and Development
Because the industries in which the Company competes are characterized by rapid technological advances, the Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily upon its ability to ensure a continual and timely flow of competitive products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company continues to develop new technologies to enhance existing products and services, and to expand the range of its offerings through research and development (“R&D”), licensing of intellectual property and acquisition of third-party businesses and technology.
Intellectual Property
The Company currently holds a broad collection of intellectual property rights relating to certain aspects of its hardware, software and services. This includes patents, designs, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other forms of intellectual property rights in the U.S. and various foreign countries. Although the Company believes the ownership of such intellectual property rights is an important factor in differentiating its business and that its success does depend in part on such ownership, the Company relies primarily on the innovative skills, technical competence and marketing abilities of its personnel.
The Company regularly files patent, design, copyright and trademark applications to protect innovations arising from its hardware, software and service research, development, design and marketing, and is currently pursuing thousands of applications around the world. Over time, the Company has accumulated a large portfolio of issued and registered intellectual property rights around the world. No single intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting the Company’s products and services. The Company believes the duration of its intellectual property rights is adequate relative to the expected lives of its products and services.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 3

In addition to Company-owned intellectual property, many of the Company’s products and services include technology or intellectual property that must be licensed from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of the Company’s products, processes and services. While the Company has generally been able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms in the past, there is no guarantee that such licenses could be obtained in the future on reasonable terms or at all.
Business Seasonality and Product Introductions
The Company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal holiday demand. Additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of sales and operating expenses. The timing of product introductions can also impact the Company’s net sales to its indirect distribution channels as these channels are filled with new inventory following a product launch, and channel inventory of an older product often declines as the launch of a newer product approaches. Net sales can also be affected when consumers and distributors anticipate a product introduction.
Human Capital
The Company believes that its people play an important role in its success, and strives to attract, develop and retain the best talent. The Company works to create a culture of collaboration, one where people with a broad range of backgrounds and perspectives can come together to innovate and do the best work of their lives. The Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to inclusion and to providing a workplace free of harassment or discrimination. As of September 27, 2025, the Company had approximately 166,000 full-time equivalent employees.
The Company believes that compensation should be competitive and equitable, and offers discretionary cash and equity awards to enable employees to share in the Company’s success. The Company recognizes its people are most likely to thrive when they have the resources to meet their needs and the time and support to succeed in their professional and personal lives. In support of this, the Company offers a wide variety of benefits for employees around the world, including health, wellness and time away.
The Company invests in resources to help its people develop and achieve their career goals. The Company offers programs through Apple University on leadership, management and influence, as well as Apple culture and values. Team members can also take advantage of online classes for business, technical and personal development.
The Company believes that open and honest communication among team members, managers and leaders helps create an open, collaborative work environment where everyone can contribute, grow and succeed. Team members are encouraged to come to their managers with questions, feedback or concerns, and the Company conducts surveys that gauge employee sentiment in areas like career development, manager performance and inclusion.
The Company is committed to the safety and security of its team members everywhere it operates. The Company supports employees with general safety, security and crisis management training, and by putting specific programs in place for those working in potentially high-hazard environments.
Available Information
The Company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge at investor.apple.com/investor-relations/sec-filings/default.aspx when such reports are available on the SEC’s website. The Company periodically provides certain information for investors on its corporate website, www.apple.com, and its investor relations website, investor.apple.com. This includes press releases and other information about financial performance, information on corporate governance, and details related to the Company’s annual meeting of shareholders. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, the Company’s references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 4

Item 1A.    Risk Factors
The following summarizes factors that could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The Company may not be able to accurately predict, control or mitigate these risks. Statements in this section are based on the Company’s beliefs and opinions regarding matters that could materially adversely affect the Company in the future and are not representations as to whether such matters have or have not occurred previously. The risks and uncertainties described below are not exhaustive and should not be considered a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties that the Company faces or may face in the future.
This section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K.
Macroeconomic and Industry Risks
The Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions and adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The Company has international operations with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales. In addition, the Company’s global supply chain is large and complex and a majority of the Company’s supplier facilities, including manufacturing and assembly sites, are located outside the U.S. As a result, the Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions.
Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including slow growth or recession, high unemployment, inflation, tighter credit, higher interest rates, and currency fluctuations, can adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and materially adversely affect demand for the Company’s products and services. In addition, consumer confidence and spending can be materially adversely affected in response to changes in fiscal and monetary policy, financial market volatility, declines in income or asset values, and other economic factors.
Uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions can also have a significant impact on the Company’s suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners, and developers. Potential outcomes include financial instability; inability to obtain credit to finance business operations; and insolvency.
Adverse economic conditions can also lead to increased credit and collectibility risk on the Company’s trade receivables; the failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions; limitations on the Company’s ability to issue new debt; reduced liquidity; and declines in the fair values of the Company’s financial instruments. These and other impacts can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 5

The Company’s business can be impacted by political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions.
Political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions can have a material adverse effect on the Company and its customers, employees, suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners.
The Company has a large, global business with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales, and the Company believes that it generally benefits from growth in international trade. A significant majority of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam, in addition to sourcing from partners and facilities located in the U.S. Restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data, can materially adversely affect the Company’s business and supply chain. The impact can be particularly significant if these restrictive measures apply to countries and regions where the Company derives a significant portion of its revenues and/or has significant supply chain operations. Restrictive measures can increase the cost or limit the availability of the Company’s products and the components and rare earths and other raw materials that go into them. Restrictive measures can also require the Company to change suppliers, restructure business relationships and operations, refrain from offering and distributing or cease to offer and distribute affected products, services and third-party applications to its customers, and increase the prices of its products and services. Changing the Company’s business and supply chain in accordance with new or changed restrictions on international trade can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to the Company’s business and results of operations. Trade and other international disputes can also have an adverse impact on the overall macroeconomic environment and result in shifts and reductions in consumer spending and negative consumer sentiment for the Company’s products and services, all of which can further adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations. Such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice, which can create uncertainty, and the Company may not be able to effectively mitigate any or all adverse impacts from such measures. Global supply chains can be highly concentrated, and an escalation of geopolitical tensions or conflict could result in significant disruptions. Beginning in the second quarter of 2025, new tariffs were announced on imports to the U.S. (“U.S. Tariffs”), including additional tariffs on imports from China, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam and the European Union (“EU”), among others. In response, several countries have imposed, or threatened to impose, reciprocal tariffs on imports from the U.S. and other retaliatory measures. Various modifications to the U.S. Tariffs have been announced and further changes could be made in the future, which may include additional sector-based tariffs or other measures. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce has initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, into, among other things, imports of semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and their derivative products, including downstream products that contain semiconductors. The ultimate impact remains uncertain and will depend on several factors, including whether additional or incremental U.S. Tariffs or other measures are announced or imposed, to what extent other countries implement tariffs or other retaliatory measures in response, and the overall magnitude and duration of these measures. If disputes and conflicts further escalate, actions by governments in response could be significantly more severe and restrictive.
Many of the Company’s operations, retail stores and facilities, as well as critical business operations of the Company’s suppliers and contract manufacturers, are in locations that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. Global climate change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters and extreme weather occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. In addition, the Company’s and its suppliers’ operations, retail stores and facilities are subject to the risk of interruption by fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, ransomware and other cybersecurity attacks, labor disputes, public health issues and other events beyond the Company’s control.
Such events can make it difficult or impossible for the Company to manufacture and deliver products to its customers, create delays and inefficiencies in the Company’s supply and manufacturing chain, result in slowdowns and outages to the Company’s service offerings, increase the Company’s costs, and negatively impact consumer spending and demand in affected areas.
The Company’s operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. While the Company’s suppliers are required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur and could result in serious injuries or loss of life, disruption to the Company’s business, and harm to the Company’s reputation. Major public health issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected, and could in the future materially adversely affect, the Company due to their impact on the global economy and demand for consumer products; the imposition of protective public safety measures, such as stringent employee travel restrictions and limitations on freight services and the movement of products between regions; and disruptions in the Company’s operations, supply chain and sales and distribution channels, resulting in interruptions to the supply of current products and offering of existing services, and delays in production ramps of new products and development of new services.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 6

Following any interruption to its business, the Company can require substantial recovery time, incur significant expenditures to resume operations, and lose significant sales. Because the Company relies on single or limited sources for the supply and manufacture of many critical components, a business interruption affecting such sources would exacerbate any negative consequences to the Company. While the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of losses, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses that may arise. Any of the foregoing can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Global markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the Company may be unable to compete effectively in these markets.
The Company’s products and services are offered in highly competitive global markets. These markets are characterized by aggressive price competition, downward pressure on gross margins, continual improvement in product performance, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. These markets are further defined by frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, and rapid adoption of technological advancements.
The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. As a result, the Company must make significant investments in R&D. These investments may not achieve expected returns, and the Company may not be able to develop and market new products and services successfully.
The Company’s ability to compete successfully also depends on the effective protection and enforcement of its intellectual property rights. Regulatory requirements, government investigations and litigation can force the Company to withdraw from, or modify its products and services for, certain countries and limit its ability to derive value from, or to enjoin others from using, its intellectual property rights. Additionally, they may require the Company to share its innovations with competitors. Any of these outcomes can have a negative impact on the Company’s competitive advantage and materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The Company currently holds a significant number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and has registered, and applied to register, additional patents, trademarks and copyrights. In contrast, many of the Company’s competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the Company’s products and infringing on its intellectual property. Effective intellectual property protection is not consistently available in every country in which the Company operates. If the Company is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins or if competitors infringe on the Company’s intellectual property, the Company’s ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be materially adversely affected.
The Company’s products and services face substantial competition from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software and service offerings. In addition, the Company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the Company’s product features and applications within their products to offer more competitive solutions. The Company also expects competition to intensify as competitors imitate the Company’s approach to providing components seamlessly within their offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions. Some of the Company’s competitors have broad product lines, low-priced products, large installed bases of active devices, and large customer bases. Competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. Certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss. The Company has a minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer, tablet and wearables markets, and some of the markets in which the Company competes have from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted overall.
If the Company is unable to compete successfully, its business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially adversely affected.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 7

Business Risks
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the Company must successfully manage frequent introductions and transitions of products and services.
Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of the markets and industries in which the Company competes, the Company must continually introduce new products, services and technologies, enhance existing products and services, effectively stimulate customer demand for new and upgraded products and services, navigate global regulatory requirements and barriers to market access, and successfully manage the transition to these new and upgraded products and services. The success of new product and service introductions depends on a number of factors, including the Company’s ability to recruit and retain highly skilled personnel to execute on its strategic initiatives, and the timely and successful development and market acceptance of new products, services and technologies. Success also relies on the Company’s ability to manage the risks associated with new technologies and production ramp-up issues, the effective integration of third-party services and technologies into the Company’s products and services, the availability, delivery and performance of application software or other third-party support for the Company’s products and services, the effective management of manufacturing and other purchase commitments and the management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, and the availability of products in appropriate quantities and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand. Additionally, quality issues or other defects or deficiencies can adversely affect the success of new product and service introductions and market acceptance. New products, services and technologies may replace or supersede existing offerings and may produce lower revenues and lower profit margins. The Company may not be able to successfully manage future introductions and transitions of products and services, which can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The Company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing partners, many of which are located outside of the U.S.
A significant majority of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam, in addition to sourcing from partners and facilities located in the U.S. The Company relies on single-source partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe to supply and manufacture many components, and on partners primarily located in Asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the Company’s hardware products. The Company has also outsourced much of its transportation and logistics management. While these arrangements can lower operating costs, they also reduce the Company’s direct control over production and distribution. Such diminished control has from time to time had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on the cost, quality or quantity of products manufactured or services provided, or adversely affect the Company’s flexibility to respond to changing conditions. Although arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for product defect expense reimbursement, the Company generally remains responsible to the consumer for warranty and out-of-warranty service in the event of product defects and experiences unanticipated product defect liabilities from time to time. While the Company relies on its partners to adhere to its supplier code of conduct, violations of the supplier code of conduct occur from time to time and can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Changes or additions to the Company’s supply chain require considerable time and resources and involve significant risks and uncertainties, including exposure to additional regulatory and operational risks.
Future operating results depend upon the Company’s ability to obtain components in sufficient quantities on commercially reasonable terms.
Because the Company currently obtains certain components from single or limited sources, the Company is subject to significant supply and pricing risks. Many components, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fluctuations that can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. For example, the global semiconductor industry has in the past experienced high demand and shortages of supply, which adversely affected the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components and products on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Such disruptions could occur in the future.
Additionally, the Company’s new products often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. The Company may not be able to extend or renew agreements for the supply of components on similar terms, or at all, and may not be successful in obtaining sufficient quantities from its suppliers in a timely manner, or in identifying and obtaining sufficient quantities from an alternative source. In addition, component suppliers may fail, be subject to consolidation within a particular industry, or decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements, further limiting the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Therefore, the Company remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and price increases that can materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 8

The Company’s products and services may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect the Company’s business and result in harm to the Company’s reputation.
The Company offers complex hardware and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing defects. Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those offered by the Company, often have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products and services. Defects can also exist in components and products the Company purchases from third parties. Component defects could make the Company’s products unsafe and create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury. These risks may increase as the Company’s products are introduced into specialized applications, including health. In addition, the Company’s service offerings can have quality issues and from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns or errors. As a result, from time to time the Company’s services have not performed as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations. The introduction of new and complex technologies, such as artificial intelligence features, can increase these and other safety risks, including exposing users to harmful, inaccurate or other negative content and experiences. The Company may not be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in the hardware, software and services it offers, which can result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting the Company’s products and services. Errors, bugs and vulnerabilities can be exploited by third parties, compromising the safety and security of a user’s device. In addition, the Company can be exposed to product liability claims, recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, and significant warranty and other expenses, including litigation costs and regulatory fines. Quality problems can adversely affect the experience for users of the Company’s products and services, and result in harm to the Company’s reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and services, delay in new product and service introductions and lost sales.
The Company is exposed to the risk of write-downs on the value of its inventory and other assets, in addition to purchase commitment cancellation risk.
The Company records a write-down for product and component inventories if cost exceeds net realizable value. The Company reviews other assets, including capital assets held at its suppliers’ facilities, inventory prepayments and other long-lived assets, for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the assets may not be recoverable. Although the Company believes its inventory, capital assets, inventory prepayments and other assets are currently recoverable, the Company may incur write-downs, impairments and other charges given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence in the industries in which the Company competes.
The Company orders components for its products and builds inventory in advance of product announcements and shipments. Manufacturing purchase obligations cover the Company’s forecasted component and manufacturing requirements, typically for periods up to 150 days. Because the Company’s markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and price changes, there is a risk the Company will forecast incorrectly and order or produce excess or insufficient amounts of components or products, or not fully utilize purchase commitments. The Company accrues necessary cancellation fee reserves for orders of excess products and components.
The Company relies on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to the Company on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
The Company’s products and services include technology or intellectual property that must be licensed from third parties. In addition, because of technological changes in the industries in which the Company currently competes or in the future may compete, current extensive intellectual property coverage and the rapid rate of new intellectual property rights generation, the Company’s products and services may be alleged to infringe existing intellectual property rights of others. This risk may be exacerbated by the use of new and emerging technologies, including machine learning and artificial intelligence, which can involve, among other things, the acquisition and use of copyrighted materials for training as well as the potential reproduction of copyrighted materials in their outputs. From time to time, the Company has been notified that it may be infringing certain intellectual property rights of third parties. The Company is not always able to obtain all necessary licenses to third-party intellectual property rights on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Failure to obtain the right to use third-party intellectual property, or to use such intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms, can require the Company to modify certain products, services or features or preclude the Company from selling certain products or services and expose the Company to significant licensing costs, all of which can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 9

The Company’s future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers.
The Company believes decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products depend in part on the availability of third-party software applications and services. Third-party developers may discontinue the development and maintenance of software applications and services for the Company’s products. If third-party software applications and services cease to be developed and maintained for the Company’s products, customers may choose not to buy the Company’s products, adversely impacting the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The Company believes that third-party developer support depends on the perceived benefits of creating software and services for the Company’s products compared to competitors’ platforms, such as Android for smartphones and tablets, Windows for personal computers and tablets, and PlayStation, Nintendo and Xbox for gaming platforms. This analysis may be based on factors such as the market position of the Company and its products, the anticipated revenue that may be generated, expected future growth of product sales, and the costs of developing such applications and services.
The Company’s minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer, tablet and wearables markets can make developers less inclined to develop or upgrade software for the Company’s products and more inclined to devote their resources to developing and upgrading software for competitors’ products with larger market share. When developers focus their efforts on these competing platforms, the availability and quality of applications for the Company’s devices can suffer.
The Company relies on the continued availability and development of compelling and innovative software applications for its products. The Company’s products and operating systems are subject to rapid technological change, and when third-party developers are unable to or choose not to keep up with this pace of change, their applications can fail to take advantage of these changes to deliver improved customer experiences, can operate incorrectly, and can result in dissatisfied customers and lower customer demand for the Company’s products.
Failure to obtain or create digital content that appeals to the Company’s customers, or to make such content available on commercially reasonable terms, could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company contracts with numerous third parties to offer their digital content to customers. This includes the right to sell, or offer subscriptions to, third-party content, as well as the right to incorporate specific content into the Company’s own services. The licensing or other distribution arrangements for this content can be for relatively short time periods and do not guarantee the continuation or renewal of these arrangements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Some third-party content providers and distributors currently or in the future may offer competing products and services, and can take actions to make it difficult or impossible for the Company to license or otherwise distribute their content. Other content owners, providers or distributors may seek to limit the Company’s access to, or increase the cost of, such content. The Company may be unable to continue to offer a wide variety of content at commercially reasonable prices with acceptable usage rules.
The Company also produces its own digital content, which can be costly to produce due to intense and increasing competition for talent, content and subscribers, and may fail to appeal to the Company’s customers.
The Company’s success depends largely on the talents and efforts of its team members, the continued service and availability of highly skilled employees, including key personnel, and the Company’s ability to nurture its distinctive and inclusive culture.
Much of the Company’s future success depends on the talents and efforts of its team members and the continued availability and service of key personnel, including its Chief Executive Officer, executive team and other highly skilled employees. Experienced personnel in the technology industry are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense, especially in Silicon Valley, where most of the Company’s key personnel are located. Periods of intense competition for talent in particular fields can lead to increased costs as the Company seeks to offer competitive compensation to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. In addition to competition for talent, workforce dynamics are constantly evolving and the Company must navigate changes effectively in order to achieve its strategic initiatives. Laws and regulations, including immigration, labor and employment laws and export controls, among others, can materially adversely affect the Company’s ability to recruit and retain a highly skilled, global workforce. If the Company does not effectively manage changing workforce dynamics and regulatory requirements, it could materially adversely affect the Company’s culture, operational flexibility, strategy and costs, all of which can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The Company believes that its distinctive and inclusive culture is a significant driver of its success. If the Company is unable to nurture its culture, it could materially adversely affect the Company’s ability to recruit and retain the highly skilled employees who are critical to its success, and could otherwise materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 10

The Company depends on the performance of carriers and other resellers.
The Company distributes its products and certain of its services through cellular network carriers and other resellers, many of which distribute products and services from competitors. Resellers offer financing, installment payment plans or subsidies for users’ purchases of devices, and such plans may be discontinued or modified any time.
The Company has invested and will continue to invest in programs to enhance reseller sales, including staffing selected resellers’ stores with Company employees and contractors, improving product placement displays, and developing and making digital marketing assets available to resellers. These programs can require a substantial investment while not assuring return or incremental sales. For example, the purchasing preferences and behaviors of consumers may change, the financial condition of resellers could weaken, resellers could stop distributing the Company’s products, or uncertainty regarding demand for some or all of the Company’s products could cause resellers to reduce their ordering and marketing of the Company’s products, all of which could materially adversely impact the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The Company’s business and reputation are impacted by information technology system failures and network disruptions.
The Company and its global supply chain are dependent on complex information technology systems and are exposed to information technology system failures or network disruptions caused by natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents, or other events or disruptions. System upgrades, redundancy and other continuity measures may be ineffective or inadequate, and the Company’s or its vendors’ business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Such failures or disruptions can adversely impact the Company’s business by, among other things, preventing access to the Company’s online services, interfering with customer transactions or impeding the manufacturing and shipping of the Company’s products. These events could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information, including personal information, could subject the Company to significant reputational, financial, legal and operational consequences.
The Company’s business requires it to use and store confidential information, including personal and sensitive health and financial information with respect to the Company’s customers and employees. The Company devotes significant resources to systems and data security, including through the use of encryption and other security measures intended to protect its systems and data. But these measures cannot provide absolute security, and losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information occur and could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The Company’s business also requires it to share confidential information with suppliers and other third parties. The Company relies on global suppliers that are also exposed to ransomware and other malicious attacks that can disrupt business operations. Although the Company takes steps to secure confidential information that is provided to or accessible by third parties working on the Company’s behalf, such measures are not always effective and losses or unauthorized access to, or releases of, confidential information occur. Such incidents and other malicious attacks could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The Company experiences malicious attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to its systems on a regular basis. These attacks target the confidentiality, integrity or availability of confidential information and may disrupt normal business operations. Attacks can impair the Company’s ability to attract and retain customers for its products and services, affect its stock price, damage commercial relationships, and expose the Company to litigation or government investigations, potentially resulting in penalties, fines or judgments. Globally, attacks are expected to continue accelerating in both frequency and sophistication with increasing use by actors of tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, avoid detection, and remove or obfuscate forensic evidence, all of which hinders the Company’s ability to identify, investigate and recover from incidents. In addition, attacks against the Company and its customers can escalate during periods of geopolitical tensions or conflict.
Although malicious attacks perpetrated to gain access to confidential information, including personal information, affect many companies across various industries, the Company is at a relatively greater risk of being targeted because of its high profile and the value of the confidential information it creates, owns, manages, stores and processes.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 11

As with all companies, the security the Company has implemented may not be sufficient for all eventualities and are vulnerable to hacking, ransomware attacks, employee error, malfeasance, system error, faulty password management or other irregularities. For example, third parties can fraudulently induce the Company’s or its suppliers’ and other third parties’ employees or customers into disclosing usernames, passwords or other sensitive information, which can, in turn, be used for unauthorized access to the Company’s or such suppliers’ or third parties’ systems and services. To help protect customers and the Company, the Company deploys and makes available technologies like multifactor authentication, monitors its services and systems for unusual activity and may freeze accounts under suspicious circumstances, which, among other things, can result in the delay or loss of customer orders or impede customer access to the Company’s products and services.
While the Company maintains insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of data security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise.
Investment in new business strategies, commercial relationships and acquisitions could disrupt the Company’s ongoing business, present risks not originally contemplated, and materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company has invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies, commercial relationships and acquisitions. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, greater-than-expected liabilities and expenses, economic, political, legal and regulatory challenges associated with operating in new businesses, regions or countries, inadequate return on capital, potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets, and significant write-offs. Some transactions, including investments and acquisitions, are exposed to additional risks, including failing to obtain required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all, a counterparty’s failure to perform or deliver as anticipated, or the imposition of onerous conditions that could delay or prevent the Company from completing a transaction or otherwise limit the Company’s ability to fully realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction. New business strategies and ventures are inherently risky and may not be successful. The Company’s business strategies and investments may not be successful, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risks
The Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted by unfavorable results of legal proceedings or government investigations.
The Company is subject to various claims, legal proceedings and government investigations that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and have not yet been fully resolved, and new matters may arise in the future. In addition, the Company enters into agreements that include indemnification provisions that can subject the Company to costs and damages in the event of a claim against an indemnified third party. The number of claims, legal proceedings and government investigations involving the Company, and the alleged magnitude of such claims, proceedings and government investigations, has generally increased over time and may continue to increase.
The Company has faced and continues to face a significant number of patent claims relating to its standards-enabled products, and new claims may arise in the future, including as a result of new legal or regulatory frameworks. For example, technology, data and other intellectual property asset–holding companies frequently assert their intellectual property rights and seek royalties and often enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. These risks, and the risks of novel claims being attempted, may be exacerbated as new and emerging technologies, including machine learning and artificial intelligence, are further integrated into the Company’s products and services. The Company is vigorously defending infringement actions in courts in several U.S. jurisdictions, as well as internationally in various countries. The plaintiffs in these actions frequently seek broad injunctive relief and substantial damages.
Regardless of the merit of particular claims, defending against litigation or responding to government investigations can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to the Company’s operations. In recognition of these considerations, the Company may enter into agreements or other arrangements to settle litigation and resolve such challenges. However, such agreements may not always be available on acceptable terms, and litigation may still arise. Such agreements can also significantly reduce the Company’s revenue and increase the Company’s cost of sales and operating expenses, materially adversely affecting the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. Additionally, such agreements may require the Company to change its business practices and limit the Company’s ability to offer certain products and services.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 12

The outcome of litigation or government investigations is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company or an indemnified third party in a reporting period for amounts above management’s expectations, the Company’s results of operations, financial condition and stock price for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. Further, such an outcome can result in significant monetary damages, disgorgement of revenue or profits, remedial corporate measures or injunctive relief against the Company. Adverse resolution of legal matters has from time to time required, and can in the future require, the Company to change its business practices. It can also limit the Company’s ability to enjoin others from using, or to derive value from, its intellectual property rights, and to develop, manufacture, use, import or offer for sale certain products and services, all of which could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
While the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of claims, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise.
The Company is subject to complex and changing laws and regulations worldwide, which exposes the Company to potential liabilities, increased costs and other adverse effects on the Company’s business.
The Company’s global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations worldwide on subjects including antitrust; privacy, data security and data localization; online safety; age verification; consumer protection; advertising, sales, billing and e-commerce; financial services and technology; product liability; intellectual property ownership and infringement; digital platforms; machine learning and artificial intelligence; internet, telecommunications and mobile communications; media, television, film and digital content; availability of third-party software applications and services; labor and employment; anticorruption; import, export and trade; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; anti–money laundering; foreign ownership and investment; national security; tax; and environmental, health and safety, including electronic waste, recycling, product design and climate change.
Compliance with these laws and regulations is onerous and expensive. New and changing laws, regulations, executive orders, directives, and enforcement priorities can adversely affect the Company’s business by increasing the Company’s costs, limiting the Company’s ability to offer a product, service or feature to customers, imposing changes to the design of the Company’s products and services, impacting customer demand for the Company’s products and services, and requiring changes to the Company’s business or supply chain. New and changing laws, regulations, executive orders, directives, and enforcement priorities can also create uncertainty about how such laws and regulations will be interpreted and applied. If the Company is found to have violated such laws and regulations, it could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Risks and costs related to new and changing laws, regulations, executive orders, directives, and enforcement priorities increase as the Company’s products and services are introduced into specialized applications, including health and financial services, or as the Company expands the use of technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence features, and must navigate new legal, regulatory and ethical considerations relating to such technologies.
Regulatory changes and other actions that materially adversely affect the Company’s business may be announced with little or no advance notice and the Company may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. For example, the Company is subject to changing regulations relating to the export and import of its products. The Company’s programs, policies and procedures may not be effective in preventing a violation or a claim of a violation. As a result, the Company’s products could be banned, delayed or prohibited from importation, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Varied stakeholder expectations about social and other issues expose the Company to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, and other adverse effects on the Company’s business.
Various stakeholders, including governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and others, have differing expectations about a wide range of social and other issues related to the Company’s business. The Company makes statements about its values, including the environmental and societal impact of its business, through various reports, information provided on the Company’s website, and in press statements and other communications. The Company also pursues environmental and other goals and initiatives that involve risks and uncertainties, require investments, and depend in part on third-party performance or data that is outside the Company’s control, and the Company may not be able to fully achieve all of its goals and initiatives. Efforts by the Company to advance its business and values, or achieve its goals and further its initiatives, or to align with stakeholders’ expectations, or comply with evolving, varied and at times conflicting federal, state and international laws, executive orders, regulations and standards, or any failure or perceived failure to do so, can result in adverse reactions by consumers and other stakeholders, including the commencement of legal and regulatory proceedings against the Company, and can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 13

The technology industry, including, in some instances, the Company, is subject to intense media, political and regulatory scrutiny, which exposes the Company to increasing regulation, government investigations, legal actions and penalties.
From time to time, the Company has made changes to its business, including actions taken in response to litigation, competition, market conditions and legal and regulatory requirements. The Company expects to make further business changes in the future. For example, in the U.S., the Company has implemented changes to how developers communicate with consumers within apps on the U.S. storefront of the iOS and iPadOS App Store regarding alternative purchasing mechanisms and is currently subject to a court order preventing it from imposing any commission or fee on certain purchases that consumers make.
Globally, several jurisdictions have adopted, or may in the future adopt, competition-related laws and regulations imposing wide-ranging obligations on technology companies and significant limitations on businesses, including the Company. For example, the Company has implemented changes to iOS, iPadOS, the App Store and Safari® in the EU as it seeks to comply with the Digital Markets Act (“DMA”), including new business terms and alternative fee structures for iOS and iPadOS apps, alternative methods of distribution for iOS and iPadOS apps, alternative payment processing for apps across the Company’s operating systems, and additional tools and application programming interfaces for developers. The Company has also continued to make changes to its compliance plan in response to feedback and engagement with the Commission. Although the Company’s compliance plan is intended to address the DMA’s obligations, it has been challenged by the Commission and may be challenged further by private litigants. The DMA provides for significant fines and penalties for noncompliance. While the changes introduced by the Company in the EU are intended to reduce new privacy and security risks that the DMA poses to EU users, many risks will remain. Changes to the Company’s business in response to the DMA or other laws and regulations could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The Company is also currently subject to antitrust investigations and litigation in various jurisdictions around the world, which can result in legal proceedings and claims against the Company that could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. For example, the Company is subject to civil antitrust lawsuits in the U.S. alleging monopolization or attempted monopolization in the markets for “performance smartphones” and “smartphones” generally in violation of U.S. antitrust laws. In addition, the Company is the subject of investigations in Europe and other jurisdictions relating to App Store terms and conditions. If such investigations or litigation are resolved against the Company, the Company can be exposed to significant fines and may be required to make further changes to its business practices, all of which could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Further, the Company has commercial relationships with other companies in the technology industry that are or may become subject to investigations and litigation that, if resolved against those other companies, could materially adversely affect the Company’s commercial relationships with those business partners and materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. For example, the Company earns revenue from licensing arrangements with Google LLC (“Google”) and other companies to offer their search services on the Company’s platforms and applications, and certain of these arrangements are currently subject to government investigations and legal proceedings. On August 5, 2024, Google was found to have violated U.S. antitrust laws. In connection with this finding, on September 2, 2025, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia (“D.C. District Court”) ordered certain remedies. The court’s order is subject to further proceedings before the D.C. District Court, which may result in changes to the interpretation or application of the remedies ordered by the court, as well as new or changed remedies being ordered. The court’s order is also subject to appeal by both the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and Google. A reversal of the order on appeal could result in imposition of certain remedies initially proposed by the DOJ, such as those prohibiting Google from offering the Company commercial terms for search distribution. If implemented, these remedies could materially adversely affect the Company’s ability to earn revenue from such licensing arrangements.
The Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially adversely affected, individually or in the aggregate, by the outcomes of such investigations, litigation or changes to laws and regulations in the future. Changes to the Company’s business practices to comply with new laws and regulations or in connection with legal proceedings can negatively impact the reputation of the Company’s products for privacy and security. Such changes in business practices can also otherwise adversely affect the experience for users of the Company’s products and services, and result in harm to the Company’s reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and services, lost sales, and lower profit margins.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 14

The Company’s business is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws, rules, policies and other obligations regarding the collection, use, protection and transfer of personal data.
The Company is subject to an increasing number of federal, state and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, protection and transfer of various types of personal data. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also restrict transfers of personal data among the Company and its international subsidiaries. Several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and additional jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions or have laws that are pending. These laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging and changing requirements causes the Company to incur substantial costs and has required and may in the future require the Company to change its business practices. Noncompliance could result in significant penalties or legal liability.
The Company makes statements about its use and disclosure of personal data through its privacy policy, information provided on its website, press statements and other privacy notices provided to customers. Any failure or perceived failure by the Company to comply with these public statements or with federal, state or international privacy or data protection laws and regulations could result in inquiries, proceedings and penalties from governmental entities or others. Such a failure or perceived failure could also result in reputational impacts, ongoing audit requirements and significant legal liability. The risks of inadvertent disclosure of personal data can increase with the introduction of new and complex technologies, such as artificial intelligence features, further exacerbating such risks.
In addition to the risks generally relating to the collection, use, retention, protection and transfer of personal data, the Company is also subject to specific obligations relating to the collection and processing of data associated with minors, as well as information considered sensitive under applicable laws, such as health, biometric, financial and payment card data. Health, biometric, financial and payment card data are subject to additional privacy, security and breach notification requirements, and the Company is subject to audit by governmental authorities regarding the Company’s compliance with these obligations. If the Company fails to adequately comply with these rules and requirements, the Company can be subject to litigation or government investigations, can be liable for associated investigatory expenses, and can incur significant fees or fines.
The Company is also subject to new and changing laws and regulations regarding online safety, including enhanced protections for minors and mandatory age verification requirements. These laws and regulations can increase regulatory risks by requiring complex compliance measures and significant modifications to the Company’s products, services and operations, and may lead to operational disruptions, heightened privacy and data security risks, increased costs and potential liability and fines, all of which can have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price.
Financial Risks
The Company’s net sales and gross margins are subject to volatility and downward pressure due to a variety of factors.
The Company’s gross margins vary significantly across its products, services, geographic segments and distribution channels and can change over time. The Company’s net sales and gross margins are subject to volatility and downward pressure due to a variety of factors, including: continued industry-wide global product pricing pressures and product pricing actions that the Company may take in response to such pressures; increased competition; the Company’s ability to effectively stimulate demand for certain of its products and services; compressed product life cycles; supply shortages; potential increases in the cost of components, outside manufacturing services, and developing, acquiring and delivering content for the Company’s services; the Company’s ability to manage product quality and warranty costs effectively; shifts in the mix of products and services, or in the geographic, currency or channel mix, including to the extent that regulatory changes require the Company to modify its product and service offerings; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; inflation and other macroeconomic pressures; the imposition of new or increased tariffs and other trade restrictions, their overall magnitude and duration, and retaliatory actions in response; and the introduction of new products or services, including new products or services with lower profit margins. These and other factors could have a materially adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition and stock price. Further, the Company generates a significant portion of its net sales from a single product category and a decline in demand for that product could significantly impact net sales and gross margins.
The Company’s financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to local currencies.
The Company’s primary exposure to movements in foreign exchange rates relates to non–U.S. dollar–denominated sales, cost of sales and operating expenses worldwide. Gross margins on the Company’s products in foreign countries and on products that include components obtained from foreign suppliers have in the past been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
The weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of the Company’s foreign currency–denominated sales and earnings, and generally leads the Company to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for the Company’s products. In some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, the Company may decide not to raise international pricing to offset the U.S. dollar’s strengthening, which would adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of the gross margins the Company earns on foreign currency–denominated sales.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 15

Conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, while generally beneficial to the Company’s foreign currency–denominated sales and earnings, could cause the Company to reduce international pricing or incur losses on its foreign currency derivative instruments, thereby limiting the benefit. Additionally, strengthening of foreign currencies may increase the Company’s cost of product components denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting gross margins.
The Company uses derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not be effective to offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place.
The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the values of its investment portfolio.
The Company’s investments can be negatively affected by changes in liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, market and economic conditions, political risk, sovereign risk, interest rate fluctuations or other factors. As a result, the value and liquidity of the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities may fluctuate substantially. Although the Company has not realized significant losses on its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, future fluctuations in their value could result in significant losses and could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements, and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.
The Company distributes its products and certain of its services through third-party cellular network carriers and other resellers. The Company also sells its products and services directly to small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government customers. A substantial majority of the Company’s outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral, third-party bank support or financing arrangements, or credit insurance, and a significant portion of the Company’s trade receivables can be concentrated within cellular network carriers or other resellers. The Company’s exposure to credit and collectibility risk on its trade receivables is higher in certain international markets. The Company also has unsecured vendor non-trade receivables resulting from purchases of components by outsourcing partners and other vendors that manufacture subassemblies or assemble final products for the Company. In addition, the Company has made prepayments associated with long-term supply agreements to secure supply of inventory components. As of September 27, 2025, the Company’s vendor non-trade receivables were concentrated among a few individual vendors located primarily in Asia. If the Company is unable to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its trade and vendor non-trade receivables, as well as long-term prepayments, the Company’s results of operations, financial condition and stock price could be materially adversely affected.
The Company is subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation and exposure to additional tax liabilities.
The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, including Ireland and Singapore, where a number of the Company’s subsidiaries are organized. Due to economic and political conditions, tax laws and tax rates for income taxes and other non-income taxes in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. For example, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development continues to advance proposals for modernizing international tax rules, including the introduction of global minimum tax standards. The Company’s effective tax rates are affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the introduction of new taxes, and changes in tax laws or their interpretation. The application of tax laws may be uncertain, require significant judgment and be subject to differing interpretations.
The Company is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. The outcome of such examinations is inherently uncertain. If the Company’s effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of the Company’s taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price could be materially adversely affected.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 16

General Risks
The price of the Company’s stock is subject to volatility.
The Company’s stock has experienced substantial price volatility in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Additionally, the Company, the technology industry and the stock market as a whole have, from time to time, experienced extreme stock price and volume fluctuations that have affected stock prices in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies’ operating performance. Price volatility may cause the average price at which the Company repurchases its stock in a given period to exceed the stock’s price at a given point in time. The Company believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations of future growth and profitability. The Company also believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations that its cash dividend will continue at current levels or grow, and that its current share repurchase program will be fully consummated. Future dividends are subject to declaration by the Company’s Board of Directors (“Board”), and the Company’s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares. If the Company fails to meet expectations related to future growth, profitability, dividends, share repurchases or other market expectations, the price of the Company’s stock may decline significantly, which could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence and employee retention.
Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C.    Cybersecurity
The Company’s management, led by its Head of Corporate Information Security, has overall responsibility for identifying, assessing and managing any material risks from cybersecurity threats. The Company’s Head of Corporate Information Security leads a dedicated Information Security team of highly skilled individuals with experience across industries that, among other things, develops and distributes information security policies, standards and procedures; engages in employee cybersecurity training; implements security controls; assesses security risk and compliance posture; monitors and responds to security events; and executes security testing and assessments. The Company’s Head of Corporate Information Security has extensive knowledge and skills gained from over 25 years of experience in the cybersecurity industry, including serving in leadership positions at other large technology companies and leading the Company’s Information Security team since 2016.
The Company’s Information Security team coordinates with teams across the Company to prevent, respond to and manage security incidents, and engages third parties, as appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of its security processes and incident response. A dedicated Supplier Trust team manages information security risks the Company is exposed to through its supplier relationships. The Company has processes to log, track, address, and escalate for further assessment and report, as appropriate, cybersecurity incidents across the Company and its suppliers to senior management and the Audit and Finance Committee (“Audit Committee”) of the Board. The Company’s enterprise risk management program is designed to identify, assess, and monitor the Company’s business risks, including financial, operational, compliance and reputational risks, and reflects management’s assessment of cybersecurity risks.
The Audit Committee assists the Board in the oversight and monitoring of cybersecurity matters. The Audit Committee regularly reviews and discusses the Company’s cybersecurity risks with management, including the Company’s Head of Corporate Information Security, its General Counsel and the Heads of Compliance and Business Conduct, Business Assurance, and Internal Audit, and receives updates, as necessary, regarding cybersecurity incidents. The Chair of the Audit Committee regularly reports the substance of such reviews and discussions to the Board, as necessary, and recommends to the Board such actions as the Audit Committee deems appropriate.
For a discussion of the Company’s cybersecurity-related risks, see Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.”
Item 2.    Properties
The Company’s headquarters is located in Cupertino, California. As of September 27, 2025, the Company owned or leased facilities and land for corporate functions, R&D, data centers, retail and other purposes at locations throughout the U.S. and in various places outside the U.S. The Company believes its existing facilities and equipment, which are used by all reportable segments, are in good operating condition and are suitable for the conduct of its business.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 17

Item 3.    Legal Proceedings
Digital Markets Act Investigations
On March 25, 2024, the Commission announced that it had opened a formal noncompliance investigation against the Company under Article 5(4) of the EU DMA (“Article 5(4) Investigation”). The Article 5(4) Investigation relates to how developers may communicate and promote offers to end users for apps distributed through the App Store, as well as how developers may conclude contracts with those end users. On June 24, 2024, the Commission announced that it had opened an additional formal investigation against the Company regarding whether the Company’s new contractual requirements for third-party app developers and app marketplaces may violate the DMA (“Article 6(4) Investigation”). On April 23, 2025, the Commission fined the Company €500 million in the Article 5(4) Investigation and issued a cease and desist order requiring the Company to remove technical and commercial restrictions that prevent developers from steering users to alternative distribution channels outside the App Store. The Company has appealed the Commission’s Article 5(4) decision. Also on April 23, 2025, the Commission issued preliminary findings in the Article 6(4) Investigation. If the Commission makes a final determination in the Article 6(4) Investigation that there has been a violation, it can issue a cease and desist order and may impose fines up to 10% of the Company’s annual worldwide net sales. The Commission may also seek to impose additional fines if it deems that the Company has violated a cease and desist order. The Company believes that it complies with the DMA and has continued to make changes to its compliance plan in response to feedback and engagement with the Commission.
Department of Justice Lawsuit
On March 21, 2024, the DOJ and a number of state and district attorneys general filed a civil antitrust lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against the Company alleging monopolization or attempted monopolization in the markets for “performance smartphones” and “smartphones” in violation of U.S. antitrust laws. The DOJ is seeking equitable relief to redress the alleged anticompetitive behavior. In addition, various civil litigation matters have been filed in state and federal courts in the U.S. alleging similar violations of U.S. antitrust laws and seeking monetary damages and other nonmonetary relief. The Company believes it has substantial defenses and intends to vigorously defend itself.
Epic Games
Epic Games, Inc. filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (“California District Court”) against the Company alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws and California’s unfair competition law based upon the Company’s operation of its App Store. The California District Court found that certain provisions of the Company’s App Review Guidelines violate California’s unfair competition law and issued an injunction (the “2021 Injunction”) enjoining the Company from prohibiting developers from including in their apps buttons, external links, or other calls to action that direct customers to purchasing mechanisms other than the Company’s in-app purchase system. The 2021 Injunction applies to apps on the U.S. storefronts of the iOS and iPadOS App Stores. On January 16, 2024, the Company implemented a plan to comply with the 2021 Injunction and filed a statement of compliance with the California District Court. On September 30, 2024, the Company filed a motion with the California District Court to narrow or vacate the 2021 Injunction. On April 30, 2025, the California District Court found the Company to be in violation of the 2021 Injunction and enjoined the Company from imposing any commission or any fee on purchases that consumers make outside an app; restricting, conditioning, limiting, or prohibiting how developers guide consumers to purchases outside an app; or otherwise interfering with a consumer’s choice to proceed in or out of an app. The California District Court also denied the Company’s motion to narrow or vacate the 2021 Injunction and referred the Company to the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of California for a determination whether criminal contempt proceedings are appropriate. The Company will continue to vigorously defend its actions and employees, and has appealed the California District Court’s most recent decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (“Ninth Circuit Court”). Although the Company’s request to stay the decision pending appeal was denied, the Ninth Circuit Court has agreed to consider the Company’s appeal on an expedited basis, with oral arguments heard in October 2025.
Other Legal Proceedings
The Company is subject to other legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. The Company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2025 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition or operating results. The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting period for amounts above management’s expectations, the Company’s financial condition and operating results for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected.
Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 18

PART II
Item 5.    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The Company’s common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol AAPL.
Holders
As of October 17, 2025, there were 22,429 shareholders of record.
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
Share repurchase activity during the three months ended September 27, 2025, was as follows (in millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per-share amounts):
Periods		Total Number
of Shares Purchased		Average Price
Paid Per Share		Total Number of Shares
Purchased as Part of Publicly
Announced Plans or Programs		
Approximate Dollar Value of
Shares That May Yet Be Purchased
Under the Plans or Programs (1)
June 29, 2025 to August 2, 2025:
Open market and privately negotiated purchases		33,265 			$	210.43 			33,265 			
August 3, 2025 to August 30, 2025:
Open market and privately negotiated purchases		28,986 			$	224.25 			28,986 			
August 31, 2025 to September 27, 2025:
Open market and privately negotiated purchases		27,247 			$	238.56 			27,247 			
Total		89,498 							$	99,779 	
 
(1)On May 2, 2024, the Company announced a program to repurchase up to $110 billion of the Company’s common stock. During the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company utilized the final $19.8 billion under the May 2024 program. On May 1, 2025, the Company announced an additional program to repurchase up to $100 billion of the Company’s common stock. As of September 27, 2025, $221 million of the May 2025 program had been utilized. The programs do not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. Under the programs, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 19

Company Stock Performance
The following graph shows a comparison of five-year cumulative total shareholder return, calculated on a dividend-reinvested basis, for the Company, the S&P 500 Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Technology Total Stock Market Index. The graph assumes $100 was invested in each of the Company’s common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Technology Total Stock Market Index as of the market close on September 25, 2020. Past stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.
1621
September 2020		September 2021		September 2022		September 2023		September 2024		September 2025
Apple Inc.		$	100 			$	132 			$	136 			$	155 			$	208 			$	234 	
S&P 500 Index		$	100 			$	137 			$	115 			$	136 			$	185 			$	217 	
Dow Jones U.S. Technology Total Stock Market Index
$	100 			$	147 			$	107 			$	147 			$	220 			$	287 	
 
Item 6.    [Reserved]
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 20

Item 7.    Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. This Item generally discusses 2025 and 2024 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2025 and 2024. Discussions of 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023 are not included, and can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024.
Product, Service and Software Announcements
The Company announces new product, service and software offerings at various times during the year. Significant announcements during fiscal year 2025 included the following:
First Quarter 2025:
•MacBook Pro
•Mac mini
•iMac
•iPad mini
Second Quarter 2025:
•iPhone 16e
•iPad Air
•iPad
•MacBook Air
•Mac Studio
Third Quarter 2025:
•iOS 26, macOS Tahoe 26, iPadOS 26, watchOS 26, visionOS 26 and tvOS 26
Fourth Quarter 2025:
•iPhone 17, iPhone Air, iPhone 17 Pro and iPhone 17 Pro Max
•Apple Watch Series 11, Apple Watch SE 3 and Apple Watch Ultra 3
•AirPods Pro 3
Fiscal Period
The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. An additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter every five or six years to realign the Company’s fiscal quarters with calendar quarters, which occurred in the first quarter of 2023. The Company’s fiscal years 2025 and 2024 spanned 52 weeks each, whereas fiscal year 2023 spanned 53 weeks.
Macroeconomic Conditions
Macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, interest rates and currency fluctuations, have directly and indirectly impacted, and could in the future materially impact, the Company’s results of operations and financial condition.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 21

Tariffs and Other Measures
Beginning in the second quarter of 2025, new U.S. Tariffs were announced, including additional tariffs on imports from China, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam and the EU, among others. In response, several countries have imposed, or threatened to impose, reciprocal tariffs on imports from the U.S. and other retaliatory measures. Various modifications to the U.S. Tariffs have been announced and further changes could be made in the future, which may include additional sector-based tariffs or other measures. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce has initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, into, among other things, imports of semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and their derivative products, including downstream products that contain semiconductors. Tariffs and other measures that are applied to the Company’s products or their components can have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including impacting the Company’s supply chain, the availability of rare earths and other raw materials and components, pricing and gross margin. The ultimate impact remains uncertain and will depend on several factors, including whether additional or incremental U.S. Tariffs or other measures are announced or imposed, to what extent other countries implement tariffs or other retaliatory measures in response, and the overall magnitude and duration of these measures. Trade and other international disputes can have an adverse impact on the overall macroeconomic environment and result in shifts and reductions in consumer spending and negative consumer sentiment for the Company’s products and services, all of which can further adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations.
Segment Operating Performance
The following table shows net sales by reportable segment for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in millions):
2025		Change		2024		Change		2023
Americas	$	178,353 			7 	%		$	167,045 			3 	%		$	162,560 	
Europe	111,032 			10 	%		101,328 			7 	%		94,294 	
Greater China	64,377 			(4)	%		66,952 			(8)	%		72,559 	
Japan	28,703 			15 	%		25,052 			3 	%		24,257 	
Rest of Asia Pacific	33,696 			10 	%		30,658 			4 	%		29,615 	
Total net sales	$	416,161 			6 	%		$	391,035 			2 	%		$	383,285 	
 
Americas
Americas net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of iPhone and Services. The weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar had an unfavorable year-over-year impact on Americas net sales during 2025.
Europe
Europe net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of Services, iPhone and Mac.
Greater China
Greater China net sales decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to lower net sales of iPhone, partially offset by higher net sales of Mac.
Japan
Japan net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of iPhone, Services and iPad.
Rest of Asia Pacific
Rest of Asia Pacific net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of iPhone, Services and Mac.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 22

Products and Services Performance
The following table shows net sales by category for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in millions):
2025		Change		2024		Change		2023
iPhone	$	209,586 			4 	%		$	201,183 			— 	%		$	200,583 	
Mac	33,708 			12 	%		29,984 			2 	%		29,357 	
iPad	28,023 			5 	%		26,694 			(6)	%		28,300 	
Wearables, Home and Accessories	35,686 			(4)	%		37,005 			(7)	%		39,845 	
Services (1)
109,158 			14 	%		96,169 			13 	%		85,200 	
Total net sales	$	416,161 			6 	%		$	391,035 			2 	%		$	383,285 	
 
(1)Services net sales include amortization of the deferred value of services bundled in the sales price of certain products.
iPhone
iPhone net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 due to higher net sales of Pro models.
Mac
Mac net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of laptops and desktops.
iPad
iPad net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of iPad Air, iPad mini and iPad, partially offset by lower net sales of iPad Pro.
Wearables, Home and Accessories
Wearables, Home and Accessories net sales decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to lower net sales of Accessories and Wearables.
Services
Services net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales from advertising, the App Store and cloud services.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 23

Gross Margin
Products and Services gross margin and gross margin percentage for 2025, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (dollars in millions):
2025		2024		2023
Gross margin:					
Products	$	112,887 			$	109,633 			$	108,803 	
Services	82,314 			71,050 			60,345 	
Total gross margin	$	195,201 			$	180,683 			$	169,148 	
 
Gross margin percentage:					
Products	36.8	%		37.2	%		36.5	%
Services	75.4	%		73.9	%		70.8	%
Total gross margin percentage	46.9	%		46.2	%		44.1	%
 
Products Gross Margin
Products gross margin increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to favorable costs and a different mix of products, partially offset by tariff costs.
Products gross margin percentage decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to a different mix of products and tariff costs, partially offset by other favorable costs.
Services Gross Margin
Services gross margin increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher Services net sales and a different mix of services.
Services gross margin percentage increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to a different mix of services, partially offset by higher costs.
The Company’s future gross margins can be impacted by a variety of factors, as discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” As a result, the Company believes, in general, gross margins will be subject to volatility and downward pressure.
Operating Expenses
Operating expenses for 2025, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (dollars in millions):
2025		Change		2024		Change		2023
Research and development	$	34,550 			10 	%		$	31,370 			5 	%		$	29,915 	
Percentage of total net sales	8	%				8	%				8	%
Selling, general and administrative	$	27,601 			6 	%		$	26,097 			5 	%		$	24,932 	
Percentage of total net sales	7	%				7	%				7	%
Total operating expenses	$	62,151 			8 	%		$	57,467 			5 	%		$	54,847 	
Percentage of total net sales	15	%				15	%				14	%
 
Research and Development
The growth in R&D expense during 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily driven by increases in headcount-related expenses and infrastructure-related costs.
Selling, General and Administrative
The growth in selling, general and administrative expense during 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily driven by increases in headcount-related expenses and variable selling expenses.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 24

Provision for Income Taxes
Provision for income taxes, effective tax rate and statutory federal income tax rate for 2025, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (dollars in millions):
2025		2024		2023
Provision for income taxes	$	20,719 			$	29,749 			$	16,741 	
Effective tax rate	15.6	%		24.1	%		14.7	%
Statutory federal income tax rate	21	%		21	%		21	%
 
The Company’s effective tax rate for 2025 was lower than the statutory federal income tax rate primarily due to a lower effective tax rate on foreign earnings, including the impact of changes in unrecognized tax benefits, the impact of the U.S. federal R&D credit, and tax benefits from share-based compensation, partially offset by a change in valuation allowance and state income taxes.
The Company’s effective tax rate for 2025 was lower compared to 2024 due to a $10.7 billion year-over-year decrease in the provision for income taxes related to the State Aid Decision (refer to Note 7, “Income Taxes” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) and the impact of changes in unrecognized tax benefits, partially offset by a change in valuation allowance and a higher effective tax rate on foreign earnings.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Company believes its balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, which totaled $132.4 billion as of September 27, 2025, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond.
The Company’s material cash requirements include the following contractual obligations:
Debt
As of September 27, 2025, the Company had outstanding fixed-rate notes with varying maturities for an aggregate principal amount of $91.3 billion (collectively the “Notes”), with $12.4 billion payable within 12 months. Future interest payments associated with the Notes total $37.0 billion, with $2.6 billion payable within 12 months.
The Company also issues unsecured short-term promissory notes pursuant to a commercial paper program. As of September 27, 2025, the Company had $8.0 billion of commercial paper outstanding, which was payable within 12 months.
Leases
The Company has lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including corporate, data center, manufacturing and retail space. As of September 27, 2025, the Company had fixed lease payment obligations of $16.8 billion, with $2.6 billion payable within 12 months.
Manufacturing Purchase Obligations
The Company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture subassemblies for the Company’s products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products. The Company also obtains individual components for its products from a wide variety of individual suppliers. As of September 27, 2025, the Company had manufacturing purchase obligations of $56.2 billion, with $55.4 billion payable within 12 months.
Other Purchase Obligations
The Company’s other purchase obligations primarily consist of noncancelable obligations to acquire capital assets, including assets related to product manufacturing, and noncancelable obligations related to supplier arrangements, licensed intellectual property and content, and distribution rights. As of September 27, 2025, the Company had other purchase obligations of $14.8 billion, with $7.0 billion payable within 12 months.
Deemed Repatriation Tax Payable
As of September 27, 2025, the balance of the deemed repatriation tax payable imposed by the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“TCJA”) was $8.8 billion, which was payable within 12 months.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 25

Capital Return Program
In addition to its contractual cash requirements, the Company has an authorized share repurchase program. The program does not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. As of September 27, 2025, the Company’s quarterly cash dividend was $0.26 per share. The Company intends to increase its dividend on an annual basis, subject to declaration by the Board.
In May 2025, the Company announced a new share repurchase program of up to $100 billion and raised its quarterly dividend from $0.25 to $0.26 per share beginning in May 2025. During 2025, the Company repurchased $89.3 billion of its common stock and paid dividends and dividend equivalents of $15.4 billion.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Internal-Use Software
In September 2025, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2025-06, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software (“ASU 2025-06”), which modernizes the accounting for internal-use software. ASU 2025-06 removes all references to software development stages and requires capitalization of software costs when management has committed to the software project and it is probable the software will be completed and perform its intended use. ASU 2025-06 will be effective for the Company in its first quarter of 2029, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and method of its adoption of ASU 2025-06.
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (“ASU 2024-03”) and in January 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-01, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Clarifying the Effective Date, which clarified the effective date of ASU 2024-03. ASU 2024-03 will require the Company to disclose the amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization, as applicable, included in certain expense captions in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, as well as qualitatively describe remaining amounts included in those captions. ASU 2024-03 will also require the Company to disclose both the amount and the Company’s definition of selling expenses. The Company will adopt ASU 2024-03 in its fourth quarter of 2028 using a prospective transition method.
Income Taxes
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (“ASU 2023-09”), which will require the Company to disclose specified additional information in its income tax rate reconciliation and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. ASU 2023-09 will also require the Company to disaggregate its income taxes paid disclosure by federal, state and foreign taxes, with further disaggregation required for significant individual jurisdictions. The Company will adopt ASU 2023-09 in its fourth quarter of 2026 using a prospective transition method.
Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and the Company’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company’s management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Note 1, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.
Uncertain Tax Positions
The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The evaluation of the Company’s uncertain tax positions involves significant judgment in the interpretation and application of GAAP and complex domestic and international tax laws, including the TCJA and the allocation of international taxation rights between countries. Although management believes the Company’s reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these uncertainties will not be different from that reflected in the Company’s reserves. Reserves are adjusted considering changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax examination. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with management’s expectations could have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 26

Legal and Other Contingencies
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain. The Company records a liability when it is probable a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. Resolution of legal matters in a manner inconsistent with management’s expectations could have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
The Company is exposed to economic risk from interest rates and foreign exchange rates. The Company uses various strategies to manage these risks; however, they may still impact the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
Interest Rate Risk
The Company is primarily exposed to fluctuations in U.S. interest rates and their impact on the Company’s investment portfolio and term debt. Increases in interest rates will negatively affect the fair value of the Company’s investment portfolio and increase the interest expense on the Company’s term debt. To protect against interest rate risk, the Company may use derivative instruments, offset interest rate–sensitive assets and liabilities, or control duration of the investment and term debt portfolios.
The following table sets forth potential impacts on the Company’s investment portfolio and term debt, including the effects of any associated derivatives, that would result from a hypothetical increase in relevant interest rates as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 (dollars in millions):
Interest Rate
Sensitive Instrument
Hypothetical Interest
Rate Increase
Potential Impact
2025		2024
Investment portfolio		100 basis points, all tenors		
Decline in fair value
$	2,416 			$	2,755 	
Term debt
100 basis points, all tenors		Increase in annual interest expense		$	129 			$	139 	
 
Foreign Exchange Rate Risk
The Company’s exposure to foreign exchange rate risk relates primarily to the Company being a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively affect the Company’s net sales and gross margins as expressed in U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in exchange rates may also affect the fair values of certain of the Company’s assets and liabilities. To protect against foreign exchange rate risk, the Company may use derivative instruments, offset exposures, or adjust local currency pricing of its products and services. However, the Company may choose to not hedge certain foreign currency exposures for a variety of reasons, including accounting considerations or prohibitive cost.
The Company applied a value-at-risk (“VAR”) model to its foreign currency derivative positions to assess the potential impact of fluctuations in exchange rates. The VAR model used a Monte Carlo simulation. The VAR is the maximum expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, to the Company’s foreign currency derivative positions due to adverse movements in rates. Based on the results of the model, the Company estimates, with 95% confidence, a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $590 million and $538 million as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, respectively. Changes in the Company’s underlying foreign currency exposures, which were excluded from the assessment, generally offset changes in the fair values of the Company’s foreign currency derivatives.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 27

Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements		Page
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 27, 2025, September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023
29
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 27, 2025, September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023
30
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024
31
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended September 27, 2025, September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023
32
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 27, 2025, September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023
33
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
34
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
49
 
All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 28

Apple Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(In millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per-share amounts)

Years ended
September 27,
2025		September 28,
2024		September 30,
2023
Net sales:					
   Products	$	307,003 			$	294,866 			$	298,085 	
   Services	109,158 			96,169 			85,200 	
Total net sales	416,161 			391,035 			383,285 	
Cost of sales:					
   Products	194,116 			185,233 			189,282 	
   Services	26,844 			25,119 			24,855 	
Total cost of sales	220,960 			210,352 			214,137 	
Gross margin	195,201 			180,683 			169,148 	
Operating expenses:					
Research and development	34,550 			31,370 			29,915 	
Selling, general and administrative	27,601 			26,097 			24,932 	
Total operating expenses	62,151 			57,467 			54,847 	
Operating income	133,050 			123,216 			114,301 	
Other income/(expense), net	(321)			269 			(565)	
Income before provision for income taxes	132,729 			123,485 			113,736 	
Provision for income taxes	20,719 			29,749 			16,741 	
Net income	$	112,010 			$	93,736 			$	96,995 	
Earnings per share:					
Basic	$	7.49 			$	6.11 			$	6.16 	
Diluted	$	7.46 			$	6.08 			$	6.13 	
Shares used in computing earnings per share:					
Basic	14,948,500 			15,343,783 			15,744,231 	
Diluted	15,004,697 			15,408,095 			15,812,547 	
 
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 29

Apple Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(In millions)

Years ended
September 27,
2025		September 28,
2024		September 30,
2023
Net income	$	112,010 			$	93,736 			$	96,995 	
Other comprehensive income/(loss):					
Change in foreign currency translation, net of tax	(267)			395 			(765)	
Change in unrealized gains/losses on derivative instruments, net of tax:					
Change in fair value of derivative instruments	849 			(832)			323 	
Adjustment for net (gains)/losses realized and included in net income	(212)			(1,337)			(1,717)	
Total change in unrealized gains/losses on derivative instruments	637 			(2,169)			(1,394)	
Change in unrealized gains/losses on marketable debt securities, net of tax:					
Change in fair value of marketable debt securities	817 			5,850 			1,563 	
Adjustment for net (gains)/losses realized and included in net income	414 			204 			253 	
Total change in unrealized gains/losses on marketable debt securities	1,231 			6,054 			1,816 	
Total other comprehensive income/(loss)	1,601 			4,280 			(343)	
Total comprehensive income	$	113,611 			$	98,016 			$	96,652 	
 
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 30

Apple Inc.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and par value)

September 27,
2025		September 28,
2024
ASSETS:
Current assets:			
Cash and cash equivalents	$	35,934 			$	29,943 	
Marketable securities	18,763 			35,228 	
Accounts receivable, net	39,777 			33,410 	
Vendor non-trade receivables	33,180 			32,833 	
Inventories	5,718 			7,286 	
Other current assets	14,585 			14,287 	
Total current assets	147,957 			152,987 	
Non-current assets:			
Marketable securities	77,723 			91,479 	
Property, plant and equipment, net	49,834 			45,680 	
Other non-current assets	83,727 			74,834 	
Total non-current assets	211,284 			211,993 	
Total assets	$	359,241 			$	364,980 	
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY:
Current liabilities:			
Accounts payable	$	69,860 			$	68,960 	
Other current liabilities	66,387 			78,304 	
Deferred revenue	9,055 			8,249 	
Commercial paper	7,979 			9,967 	
Term debt	12,350 			10,912 	
Total current liabilities	165,631 			176,392 	
Non-current liabilities:			
Term debt	78,328 			85,750 	
Other non-current liabilities	41,549 			45,888 	
Total non-current liabilities	119,877 			131,638 	
Total liabilities	285,508 			308,030 	
Commitments and contingencies			
Shareholders’ equity:			
Common stock and additional paid-in capital, $0.00001 par value: 50,400,000 shares authorized; 14,773,260 and 15,116,786 shares issued and outstanding, respectively
93,568 			83,276 	
Accumulated deficit	(14,264)			(19,154)	
Accumulated other comprehensive loss	(5,571)			(7,172)	
Total shareholders’ equity	73,733 			56,950 	
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity	$	359,241 			$	364,980 	
 
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 31

Apple Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
(In millions, except per-share amounts)

Years ended
September 27,
2025		September 28,
2024		September 30,
2023
Total shareholders’ equity, beginning balances	$	56,950 			$	62,146 			$	50,672 	
Common stock and additional paid-in capital:					
Beginning balances	83,276 			73,812 			64,849 	
Common stock issued	1,498 			1,423 			1,346 	
Common stock withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards	(4,452)			(3,993)			(3,521)	
Share-based compensation	13,246 			12,034 			11,138 	
Ending balances	93,568 			83,276 			73,812 	
Accumulated deficit:					
Beginning balances	(19,154)			(214)			(3,068)	
Net income	112,010 			93,736 			96,995 	
Dividends and dividend equivalents declared	(15,413)			(15,218)			(14,996)	
Common stock withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards	(1,655)			(1,612)			(2,099)	
Common stock repurchased	(90,052)			(95,846)			(77,046)	
Ending balances	(14,264)			(19,154)			(214)	
Accumulated other comprehensive loss:					
Beginning balances	(7,172)			(11,452)			(11,109)	
Other comprehensive income/(loss)	1,601 			4,280 			(343)	
Ending balances	(5,571)			(7,172)			(11,452)	
Total shareholders’ equity, ending balances	$	73,733 			$	56,950 			$	62,146 	
Dividends and dividend equivalents declared per share or RSU	$	1.02 			$	0.98 			$	0.94 	
 
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 32

Apple Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In millions)
Years ended
September 27,
2025		September 28,
2024		September 30,
2023
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents, beginning balances	$	29,943 			$	30,737 			$	24,977 	
Operating activities:					
Net income	112,010 			93,736 			96,995 	
Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash generated by operating activities:					
Depreciation and amortization	11,698 			11,445 			11,519 	
Share-based compensation expense	12,863 			11,688 			10,833 	
Other	(89)			(2,266)			(2,227)	
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:					
Accounts receivable, net	(6,682)			(3,788)			(1,688)	
Vendor non-trade receivables	(347)			(1,356)			1,271 	
Inventories	1,400 			(1,046)			(1,618)	
Other current and non-current assets	(9,197)			(11,731)			(5,684)	
Accounts payable	902 			6,020 			(1,889)	
Other current and non-current liabilities	(11,076)			15,552 			3,031 	
Cash generated by operating activities	111,482 			118,254 			110,543 	
Investing activities:					
Purchases of marketable securities	(24,407)			(48,656)			(29,513)	
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities	40,907 			51,211 			39,686 	
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities	12,890 			11,135 			5,828 	
Payments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment	(12,715)			(9,447)			(10,959)	
Other	(1,480)			(1,308)			(1,337)	
Cash generated by investing activities	15,195 			2,935 			3,705 	
Financing activities:					
Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards	(5,960)			(5,441)			(5,431)	
Payments for dividends and dividend equivalents	(15,421)			(15,234)			(15,025)	
Repurchases of common stock	(90,711)			(94,949)			(77,550)	
Proceeds from issuance of term debt, net	4,481 			— 			5,228 	
Repayments of term debt	(10,932)			(9,958)			(11,151)	
Proceeds from/(Repayments of) commercial paper, net	(2,032)			3,960 			(3,978)	
Other	(111)			(361)			(581)	
Cash used in financing activities	(120,686)			(121,983)			(108,488)	
Increase/(Decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents	5,991 			(794)			5,760 	
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents, ending balances	$	35,934 			$	29,943 			$	30,737 	
Supplemental cash flow disclosure:					
Cash paid for income taxes, net	$	43,369 			$	26,102 			$	18,679 	
 
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 33

Apple Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation and Preparation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Apple Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with GAAP requires the use of management estimates. Certain prior period amounts in the notes to consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period’s presentation.
The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. An additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter every five or six years to realign the Company’s fiscal quarters with calendar quarters, which occurred in the first fiscal quarter of 2023. The Company’s fiscal years 2025 and 2024 spanned 52 weeks each, whereas fiscal year 2023 spanned 53 weeks. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months and periods refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years.
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
Segment Reporting
Beginning with the 2025 annual reporting period, the Company adopted the FASB’s ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (“ASU 2023-07”), which requires the Company to disclose segment expenses that are significant and regularly provided to the Company’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”). In addition, ASU 2023-07 requires the Company to disclose the title and position of its CODM and how the CODM uses segment profit or loss information in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 using a retrospective transition method.
Revenue
The Company records revenue net of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities.
Share-Based Compensation
The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis for its estimate of equity awards that will ultimately vest.
Cash Equivalents
All highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are treated as cash equivalents.
Trade Receivables
Trade receivables are stated at transaction price.
Marketable Securities
The cost of securities sold is determined using the specific identification method.
Inventories
Inventories are measured using the first-in, first-out method.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is recognized on a straight-line basis.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 34

Derivative Instruments
The Company presents derivative assets and liabilities at their gross fair values in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Income Taxes
The Company records certain deferred tax assets and liabilities in connection with the minimum tax on certain foreign earnings created by the TCJA.
Leases
The Company combines and accounts for lease and nonlease components as a single lease component for leases of corporate and retail facilities.
Note 2 – Revenue
The Company recognizes revenue at the amount to which it expects to be entitled when control of products or services is transferred to its customers. Control is generally transferred when the Company has a present right to payment and title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of products or services are transferred to its customers. For most of the Company’s Products net sales, control transfers when products are shipped. For the Company’s Services net sales, control transfers over time as services are delivered. Payment for Products and Services net sales is collected within a short period following transfer of control or commencement of delivery of services, as applicable.
The Company records reductions to Products net sales related to future product returns, price protection and other customer incentive programs based on the Company’s expectations and historical experience.
For arrangements with multiple performance obligations, which represent promises within an arrangement that are distinct, the Company allocates revenue to all distinct performance obligations based on their relative stand-alone selling prices (“SSPs”). When available, the Company uses observable prices to determine SSPs. When observable prices are not available, SSPs are established that reflect the Company’s best estimates of what the selling prices of the performance obligations would be if they were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis. The Company’s process for estimating SSPs without observable prices considers multiple factors that may vary depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each performance obligation including, where applicable, prices charged by the Company for similar offerings, market trends in the pricing for similar offerings, product-specific business objectives and the estimated cost to provide the performance obligation.
The Company has identified the performance obligations regularly included in arrangements involving the sale of iPhone, Mac and iPad. The first material performance obligation, which represents the substantial portion of the allocated sales price, is the hardware and bundled software delivered at the time of sale. The second material performance obligation is the right to receive certain product-related bundled services, which include iCloud®, Siri® and Maps. The Company allocates revenue and any related discounts to all of its performance obligations based on their relative SSPs. Because the Company lacks observable prices for product-related bundled services, the allocation of revenue is based on the Company’s estimated SSPs. Revenue allocated to the delivered hardware and bundled software is recognized when control has transferred to the customer, which generally occurs when the product is shipped. Revenue allocated to product-related bundled services is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated period they are expected to be provided.
For certain long-term service arrangements, the Company has performance obligations for services it has not yet delivered. For these arrangements, the Company does not have a right to bill for the undelivered services. The Company has determined that any unbilled consideration relates entirely to the value of the undelivered services. Accordingly, the Company has not recognized revenue, and does not disclose amounts, related to these undelivered services.
For the sale of third-party products where the Company obtains control of the product before transferring it to the customer, the Company recognizes revenue based on the gross amount billed to customers. The Company considers multiple factors when determining whether it obtains control of third-party products, including evaluating if it can establish the price of the product, retains inventory risk for tangible products or has the responsibility for ensuring acceptability of the product. For third-party applications sold through the App Store, the Company does not obtain control of the product before transferring it to the customer. Therefore, the Company accounts for all third-party application–related sales on a net basis by recognizing in Services net sales only the commission it retains.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 35

The following table shows disaggregated net sales, as well as the portion of total net sales that was previously deferred, for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (in millions):
2025		2024		2023
iPhone
$	209,586 			$	201,183 			$	200,583 	
Mac
33,708 			29,984 			29,357 	
iPad
28,023 			26,694 			28,300 	
Wearables, Home and Accessories
35,686 			37,005 			39,845 	
Services (1)
109,158 			96,169 			85,200 	
Total net sales	$	416,161 			$	391,035 			$	383,285 	
Portion of total net sales that was included in deferred revenue as of the beginning of the period	$	8,229 			$	7,728 			$	8,169 	
 
(1)Services net sales include amortization of the deferred value of services bundled in the sales price of certain products.
The Company’s proportion of net sales by disaggregated revenue source was generally consistent for each reportable segment in Note 13, “Segment Information and Geographic Data” for 2025, 2024 and 2023, except in Greater China, where iPhone revenue represented a moderately higher proportion of net sales.
As of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the Company had total deferred revenue of $13.7 billion and $12.8 billion, respectively. As of September 27, 2025, the Company expects 66% of total deferred revenue to be realized in less than a year, 23% within one-to-two years, 9% within two-to-three years and 2% in greater than three years.
Note 3 – Earnings Per Share
The following table shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (net income in millions and shares in thousands):
2025		2024		2023
Numerator:					
Net income	$	112,010 			$	93,736 			$	96,995 	
Denominator:					
Weighted-average basic shares outstanding	14,948,500 			15,343,783 			15,744,231 	
Effect of dilutive share-based awards	56,197 			64,312 			68,316 	
Weighted-average diluted shares	15,004,697 			15,408,095 			15,812,547 	
Basic earnings per share	$	7.49 			$	6.11 			$	6.16 	
Diluted earnings per share	$	7.46 			$	6.08 			$	6.13 	
 
Approximately 24 million restricted stock units (“RSUs”) were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for 2023 because their effect would have been antidilutive.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 36

Note 4 – Financial Instruments
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
The following tables show the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities by significant investment category as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 (in millions):
2025
Adjusted
Cost		Unrealized
Gains		Unrealized
Losses		Fair
Value		Cash and
Cash
Equivalents		Current
Marketable
Securities		Non-Current
Marketable
Securities
Cash	$	28,267 			$	— 			$	— 			$	28,267 			$	28,267 			$	— 			$	— 	
Level 1:													
Money market funds	5,272 			— 			— 			5,272 			5,272 			— 			— 	
Mutual funds
679 			177 			(2)			854 			— 			854 			— 	
Subtotal	5,951 			177 			(2)			6,126 			5,272 			854 			— 	
Level 2 (1):
U.S. Treasury securities	16,074 			56 			(282)			15,848 			1,190 			3,712 			10,946 	
U.S. agency securities	5,269 			— 			(149)			5,120 			251 			2,456 			2,413 	
Non-U.S. government securities	6,586 			111 			(424)			6,273 			— 			855 			5,418 	
Certificates of deposit and time deposits	917 			— 			— 			917 			904 			— 			13 	
Commercial paper	100 			— 			— 			100 			50 			50 			— 	
Corporate debt securities	47,210 			266 			(916)			46,560 			— 			10,623 			35,937 	
Municipal securities	207 			— 			(2)			205 			— 			119 			86 	
Mortgage- and asset-backed securities	24,130 			126 			(1,252)			23,004 			— 			94 			22,910 	
Subtotal	100,493 			559 			(3,025)			98,027 			2,395 			17,909 			77,723 	
Total
$	134,711 			$	736 			$	(3,027)			$	132,420 			$	35,934 			$	18,763 			$	77,723 	
 
2024
Adjusted
Cost		Unrealized
Gains		Unrealized
Losses		Fair
Value		Cash and
Cash
Equivalents		Current
Marketable
Securities		Non-Current
Marketable
Securities
Cash	$	27,199 			$	— 			$	— 			$	27,199 			$	27,199 			$	— 			$	— 	
Level 1:													
Money market funds	778 			— 			— 			778 			778 			— 			— 	
Mutual funds
515 			105 			(3)			617 			— 			617 			— 	
Subtotal	1,293 			105 			(3)			1,395 			778 			617 			— 	
Level 2 (1):
U.S. Treasury securities	16,150 			45 			(516)			15,679 			212 			4,087 			11,380 	
U.S. agency securities	5,431 			— 			(272)			5,159 			155 			703 			4,301 	
Non-U.S. government securities	17,959 			93 			(484)			17,568 			1,158 			10,810 			5,600 	
Certificates of deposit and time deposits	873 			— 			— 			873 			387 			478 			8 	
Commercial paper	1,066 			— 			— 			1,066 			28 			1,038 			— 	
Corporate debt securities	65,622 			270 			(1,953)			63,939 			26 			16,027 			47,886 	
Municipal securities	412 			— 			(7)			405 			— 			190 			215 	
Mortgage- and asset-backed securities	24,595 			175 			(1,403)			23,367 			— 			1,278 			22,089 	
Subtotal	132,108 			583 			(4,635)			128,056 			1,966 			34,611 			91,479 	
Total (2)(3)
$	160,600 			$	688 			$	(4,638)			$	156,650 			$	29,943 			$	35,228 			$	91,479 	
 
(1)The valuation techniques used to measure the fair values of the Company’s Level 2 financial instruments, which generally have counterparties with high credit ratings, are based on quoted market prices or model-driven valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.
(2)As of September 28, 2024, cash and cash equivalents included $2.6 billion held in escrow and restricted from general use. These restricted cash and cash equivalents were designated to settle the Company’s obligation related to the State Aid Decision (refer to Note 7, “Income Taxes”).
(3)As of September 28, 2024, current marketable securities included $13.2 billion held in escrow and restricted from general use. These restricted marketable securities were designated to settle the Company’s obligation related to the State Aid Decision (refer to Note 7, “Income Taxes”).
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 37

As of September 27, 2025, 80% of the Company’s non-current marketable debt securities other than mortgage- and asset-backed securities had maturities between 1 and 5 years, 15% between 5 and 10 years, and 5% greater than 10 years. As of September 27, 2025, 13% of the Company’s non-current mortgage- and asset-backed securities had maturities between 1 and 5 years, 14% between 5 and 10 years, and 73% greater than 10 years.
The Company’s investments in marketable debt securities have been classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. The Company classifies marketable debt securities as either current or non-current based on each instrument’s underlying maturity.
Derivative Instruments and Hedging
The Company may use derivative instruments to partially offset its business exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risk. However, the Company may choose not to hedge certain exposures for a variety of reasons including accounting considerations or the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures. There can be no assurance the hedges will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in foreign exchange or interest rates.
All derivative instruments are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The accounting treatment for derivative gains and losses is based on intended use and hedge designation.
Gains and losses arising from amounts that are included in the assessment of cash flow hedge effectiveness are initially deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings, and in the same line item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Gains and losses arising from amounts that are included in the assessment of fair value hedge effectiveness are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations line item to which the hedge relates along with offsetting losses and gains related to the change in value of the hedged item.
For derivative instruments designated as cash flow and fair value hedges, amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the hedge in the Consolidated Statements of Operations line item to which the hedge relates. Changes in the fair value of amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in other comprehensive income/(loss).
Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair values of derivative instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The Company classifies cash flows related to derivative instruments in the same section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as the items being hedged, which are generally classified as operating activities.
Foreign Exchange Rate Risk
To protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the Company may use forwards, options or other instruments, and may designate these instruments as cash flow hedges. The Company generally hedges portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and inventory purchases, typically for up to 12 months.
To protect the Company’s foreign currency–denominated term debt or marketable securities from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the Company may use forwards, cross-currency swaps or other instruments. The Company designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. As of September 27, 2025, the maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for term debt–related foreign currency transactions is 17 years.
The Company may also use derivative instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges to protect gross margins from certain fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, as well as to offset a portion of the foreign currency gains and losses generated by the remeasurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies.
Interest Rate Risk
To protect the Company’s term debt or marketable securities from fluctuations in interest rates, the Company may use interest rate swaps, options or other instruments. The Company designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 38

The notional amounts of the Company’s outstanding derivative instruments as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, were as follows (in millions):
2025		2024
Derivative instruments designated as accounting hedges:			
Foreign exchange contracts	$	62,647 			$	64,069 	
Interest rate contracts	$	12,875 			$	14,575 	
Derivative instruments not designated as accounting hedges:			
Foreign exchange contracts	$	109,079 			$	91,493 	
 
As of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the carrying amount of the Company’s current and non-current term debt subject to fair value hedges was $12.6 billion and $13.5 billion, respectively.
Accounts Receivable
Trade Receivables
As of September 27, 2025, the Company had one customer that represented 10% or more of total trade receivables, which accounted for 12%. The Company’s third-party cellular network carriers accounted for 34% and 38% of total trade receivables as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, respectively. The Company requires third-party credit support or collateral from certain customers to limit credit risk.
Vendor Non-Trade Receivables
The Company has non-trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing vendors resulting from the sale of components to these vendors who manufacture subassemblies or assemble final products for the Company. The Company purchases these components directly from suppliers. The Company does not reflect the sale of these components in products net sales. Rather, the Company recognizes any gain on these sales as a reduction of products cost of sales when the related final products are sold by the Company. As of September 27, 2025, the Company had two vendors that individually represented 10% or more of total vendor non-trade receivables, which accounted for 46% and 23%. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had two vendors that individually represented 10% or more of total vendor non-trade receivables, which accounted for 44% and 23%.
Note 5 – Property, Plant and Equipment
The following table shows the Company’s gross property, plant and equipment by major asset class and accumulated depreciation as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 (in millions):
2025		2024
Land and buildings	$	27,337 			$	24,690 	
Machinery, equipment and internal-use software
83,420 			80,205 	
Leasehold improvements	15,091 			14,233 	
Gross property, plant and equipment	125,848 			119,128 	
Accumulated depreciation
(76,014)			(73,448)	
Total property, plant and equipment, net	$	49,834 			$	45,680 	
 
Depreciation expense on property, plant and equipment was $8.0 billion, $8.2 billion and $8.5 billion during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 39

Note 6 – Consolidated Financial Statement Details
The following tables show the Company’s consolidated financial statement details as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 (in millions):
Other Non-Current Assets
2025		2024
Deferred tax assets	$	20,777 			$	19,499 	
Other non-current assets	62,950 			55,335 	
Total other non-current assets	$	83,727 			$	74,834 	
 
Other Current Liabilities
2025		2024
Income taxes payable	$	13,016 			$	26,601 	
Accrued distribution and marketing
8,919 			7,679 	
Other current liabilities	44,452 			44,024 	
Total other current liabilities	$	66,387 			$	78,304 	
 
Note 7 – Income Taxes
European Commission State Aid Decision
On August 30, 2016, the Commission announced its decision that Ireland granted state aid to the Company by providing tax opinions in 1991 and 2007 concerning the tax allocation of profits of the Irish branches of two subsidiaries of the Company (“State Aid Decision”). The State Aid Decision ordered Ireland to calculate and recover additional taxes from the Company for the period June 2003 through December 2014. Irish legislative changes, effective as of January 2015, eliminated the application of the tax opinions from that date forward.
The Company and Ireland appealed the State Aid Decision to the General Court of the Court of Justice of the European Union (“General Court”). On July 15, 2020, the General Court annulled the State Aid Decision. On September 25, 2020, the Commission appealed the General Court’s decision to the European Court of Justice (“ECJ”). On September 10, 2024, the ECJ announced that it had set aside the 2020 judgment of the General Court and confirmed the Commission’s 2016 State Aid Decision. As a result, during the fourth quarter of 2024 the Company recorded a one-time income tax charge of $10.2 billion, net, which represented $15.8 billion payable to Ireland via release of amounts held in escrow, partially offset by a U.S. foreign tax credit of $4.8 billion and a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits of $823 million.
Provision for Income Taxes and Effective Tax Rate
The provision for income taxes for 2025, 2024 and 2023, consisted of the following (in millions):
2025		2024		2023
Federal:					
Current	$	11,487 			$	5,571 			$	9,445 	
Deferred	(1,804)			(3,080)			(3,644)	
Total	9,683 			2,491 			5,801 	
State:					
Current	1,680 			1,726 			1,570 	
Deferred	(139)			(298)			(49)	
Total	1,541 			1,428 			1,521 	
Foreign:					
Current	8,891 			25,483 			8,750 	
Deferred	604 			347 			669 	
Total	9,495 			25,830 			9,419 	
Provision for income taxes	$	20,719 			$	29,749 			$	16,741 	
 
Foreign pretax earnings were $82.0 billion, $77.3 billion and $72.9 billion in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 40

A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate (21% in 2025, 2024 and 2023) to income before provision for income taxes for 2025, 2024 and 2023 is as follows (dollars in millions):
2025		2024		2023
Computed expected tax	$	27,873 			$	25,932 			$	23,885 	
Earnings of foreign subsidiaries	(8,120)			(5,311)			(5,744)	
Change in valuation allowance
2,091 			— 			— 	
Research and development credit, net	(1,049)			(1,397)			(1,212)	
Impact of the State Aid Decision
(486)			10,246 			— 	
Other	410 			279 			(188)	
Provision for income taxes	$	20,719 			$	29,749 			$	16,741 	
Effective tax rate	15.6	%		24.1	%		14.7	%
 
Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
As of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in millions):
2025		2024
Deferred tax assets:			
Capitalized research and development	$	15,041 			$	10,739 	
Tax credit carryforwards	8,643 			8,856 	
Accrued liabilities and other reserves	6,154 			6,114 	
Deferred revenue	2,953 			3,413 	
Lease liabilities	2,577 			2,410 	
Other	3,049 			3,341 	
Total deferred tax assets	38,417 			34,873 	
Less: Valuation allowance	(10,966)			(8,866)	
Total deferred tax assets, net	27,451 			26,007 	
Deferred tax liabilities:			
Depreciation	3,276 			2,551 	
Right-of-use assets	2,300 			2,125 	
Minimum tax on foreign earnings	1,217 			1,674 	
Other	678 			455 	
Total deferred tax liabilities	7,471 			6,805 	
Net deferred tax assets	$	19,980 			$	19,202 	
 
As of September 27, 2025, the Company had $4.7 billion in foreign tax credit carryforwards in Ireland and $4.0 billion in California R&D credit carryforwards, both of which can be carried forward indefinitely. A valuation allowance has been recorded for the credit carryforwards and a portion of other temporary differences.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 41

Uncertain Tax Positions
As of September 27, 2025, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $23.2 billion, of which $10.6 billion, if recognized, would impact the Company’s effective tax rate. As of September 28, 2024, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $22.0 billion, of which $10.8 billion, if recognized, would have impacted the Company’s effective tax rate.
The aggregate change in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits, which excludes interest and penalties, for 2025, 2024 and 2023 is as follows (in millions):
2025		2024		2023
Beginning balances	$	22,038 			$	19,454 			$	16,758 	
Increases related to tax positions taken during a prior year	1,971 			1,727 			2,044 	
Decreases related to tax positions taken during a prior year	(71)			(386)			(1,463)	
Increases related to tax positions taken during the current year	3,795 			2,542 			2,628 	
Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities	(2,939)			(1,070)			(19)	
Decreases related to expiration of the statute of limitations	(1,552)			(229)			(494)	
Ending balances	$	23,242 			$	22,038 			$	19,454 	
 
The Company is subject to taxation and files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and many state and foreign jurisdictions. Tax years 2018 and after 2021 for the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and after 2014 in certain major foreign jurisdictions, remain subject to examination. Although the timing of resolution or closure of examinations is not certain, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that its gross unrecognized tax benefits could decrease as much as $6 billion in the next 12 months.
Note 8 – Leases
The Company has lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including corporate, data center, manufacturing and retail space. These leases typically have original terms not exceeding 10 years and generally contain multiyear renewal options, some of which are reasonably certain of exercise.
Payments under the Company’s lease arrangements may be fixed or variable, and variable lease payments are primarily based on purchases of output of the underlying leased assets. Lease costs associated with fixed payments on the Company’s operating leases were $2.1 billion for 2025 and $2.0 billion for both 2024 and 2023. Lease costs associated with variable payments on the Company’s leases were $16.1 billion, $13.8 billion and $13.9 billion for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The Company made fixed cash payments related to operating leases of $2.1 billion in 2025 and $1.9 billion in both 2024 and 2023. Noncash activities involving right-of-use (“ROU”) assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities were $2.8 billion, $1.0 billion and $2.1 billion for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The following table shows ROU assets and lease liabilities, and the associated financial statement line items, as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 (in millions):
Lease-Related Assets and Liabilities		Financial Statement Line Items		2025		2024
Right-of-use assets:						
Operating leases		Other non-current assets		$	11,205 			$	10,234 	
Finance leases		Property, plant and equipment, net		1,033 			1,069 	
Total right-of-use assets				$	12,238 			$	11,303 	
Lease liabilities:						
Operating leases		Other current liabilities		$	1,579 			$	1,488 	
Other non-current liabilities		10,911 			10,046 	
Finance leases		Other current liabilities		538 			144 	
Other non-current liabilities		692 			752 	
Total lease liabilities				$	13,720 			$	12,430 	
 
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 42

Lease liability maturities as of September 27, 2025, are as follows (in millions):
Operating
Leases		Finance
Leases		Total
2026	$	1,967 			$	563 			$	2,530 	
2027	1,988 			73 			2,061 	
2028	1,848 			51 			1,899 	
2029	1,585 			48 			1,633 	
2030	1,381 			43 			1,424 	
Thereafter	5,956 			801 			6,757 	
Total undiscounted liabilities	14,725 			1,579 			16,304 	
Less: Imputed interest	(2,235)			(349)			(2,584)	
Total lease liabilities	$	12,490 			$	1,230 			$	13,720 	
 
The weighted-average remaining lease term related to the Company’s lease liabilities as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 was 9.8 years and 10.3 years, respectively. The discount rate related to the Company’s lease liabilities as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 was 3.4% and 3.1%, respectively. The discount rates related to the Company’s lease liabilities are generally based on estimates of the Company’s incremental borrowing rate, as the discount rates implicit in the Company’s leases cannot be readily determined.
As of September 27, 2025, the Company had $523 million of fixed payment obligations under additional leases, primarily for corporate facilities and retail space, that had not yet commenced. These leases are expected to commence between 2026 and 2027, with lease terms ranging from 1 year to 21 years.
Note 9 – Debt
Commercial Paper
The Company issues unsecured short-term promissory notes pursuant to a commercial paper program. The Company uses net proceeds from the commercial paper program for general corporate purposes, including dividends and share repurchases. As of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the Company had $8.0 billion and $10.0 billion of commercial paper outstanding, respectively, with maturities generally less than nine months. The weighted-average interest rate of the Company’s commercial paper was 4.19% and 5.00% as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, respectively. The following table provides a summary of cash flows associated with commercial paper for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (in millions):
2025		2024		2023
Maturities 90 days or less:					
Proceeds from/(Repayments of) commercial paper, net	$	(5,820)			$	3,960 			$	(1,333)	
Maturities greater than 90 days:					
Proceeds from commercial paper	5,836 			— 			— 	
Repayments of commercial paper	(2,048)			— 			(2,645)	
Proceeds from/(Repayments of) commercial paper, net	3,788 			— 			(2,645)	
Total proceeds from/(repayments of) commercial paper, net	$	(2,032)			$	3,960 			$	(3,978)	
 
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 43

Term Debt
The Company has outstanding Notes, which are senior unsecured obligations with interest payable in arrears. The following table provides a summary of the Company’s term debt as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024:
Maturities
(calendar year)
2025		2024
Amount
(in millions)
Effective
Interest Rate		
Amount
(in millions)
Effective
Interest Rate
2013 – 2023 debt issuances:
Fixed-rate 0.000% – 4.850% notes
2025 – 2062
$	86,781 			
0.03% – 5.75%
$	97,341 			
0.03% – 6.65%
2025 debt issuance:
Fixed-rate 4.000% – 4.750% notes
2028 – 2035
4,500 			
4.07% – 4.83%
— 			
Total term debt principal
91,281 					97,341 			
Unamortized premium/(discount) and issuance costs, net			(309)					(321)			
Hedge accounting fair value adjustments			(294)					(358)			
Total term debt
90,678 					96,662 			
Less: Current portion of term debt			(12,350)					(10,912)			
Total non-current portion of term debt			$	78,328 					$	85,750 			
 
To manage interest rate risk on certain of its U.S. dollar–denominated fixed-rate notes, the Company uses interest rate swaps to effectively convert the fixed interest rates to floating interest rates on a portion of these notes. Additionally, to manage foreign exchange rate risk on certain of its foreign currency–denominated notes, the Company uses cross-currency swaps to effectively convert these notes to U.S. dollar–denominated notes.
The effective interest rates for the Notes include the interest on the Notes, amortization of the discount or premium and, if applicable, adjustments related to hedging.
The future principal payments for the Company’s Notes as of September 27, 2025, are as follows (in millions):
2026	$	12,393 	
2027	10,078 	
2028	9,300 	
2029	5,235 	
2030	4,972 	
Thereafter	49,303 	
Total term debt principal	$	91,281 	
 
As of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the fair value of the Company’s Notes, based on Level 2 inputs, was $80.4 billion and $88.4 billion, respectively.
Note 10 – Shareholders’ Equity
Share Repurchase Program
During 2025, the Company repurchased 402 million shares of its common stock for $89.3 billion. The Company’s share repurchase programs do not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. Under the programs, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 44

Shares of Common Stock
The following table shows the changes in shares of common stock for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands):
2025		2024		2023
Common stock outstanding, beginning balances	15,116,786 			15,550,061 			15,943,425 	
Common stock repurchased	(401,672)			(499,372)			(471,419)	
Common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes	58,146 			66,097 			78,055 	
Common stock outstanding, ending balances	14,773,260 			15,116,786 			15,550,061 	
 
Note 11 – Share-Based Compensation
2022 Employee Stock Plan
The Apple Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Plan (“2022 Plan”) is a shareholder-approved plan that provides for broad-based equity grants to employees, including executive officers, and permits the granting of RSUs, stock grants, performance-based awards, stock options and stock appreciation rights. RSUs granted under the 2022 Plan generally vest over four years, based on continued employment, and are settled upon vesting in shares of the Company’s common stock on a one-for-one basis. All RSUs granted under the 2022 Plan have dividend equivalent rights, which entitle holders of RSUs to the same dividend value per share as holders of common stock. A maximum of approximately 1.3 billion shares were authorized for issuance pursuant to 2022 Plan awards at the time the plan was approved on March 4, 2022.
Restricted Stock Units
A summary of the Company’s RSU activity and related information for 2025 is as follows:
Number of
RSUs
(in thousands)
Weighted-Average
Grant-Date Fair
Value Per RSU
Balance as of September 28, 2024	163,326 			$	158.73 	
RSUs granted	73,466 			$	226.68 	
RSUs vested	(76,845)			$	159.85 	
RSUs forfeited
(8,373)			$	183.03 	
Balance as of September 27, 2025	151,574 			$	189.75 	
 
The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted in 2024 and 2023 was $173.78 and $150.87, respectively. The Company estimates the grant-date fair value of RSUs based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant.
The total vesting-date fair value of RSUs was $17.1 billion, $15.8 billion and $15.9 billion for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The majority of RSUs that vested in 2025, 2024 and 2023 were net share settled such that the Company withheld shares with a value equivalent to the employees’ obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. Total payments to taxing authorities for employees’ tax obligations were $6.1 billion in 2025 and $5.6 billion in both 2024 and 2023.
Share-Based Compensation
The following table shows share-based compensation expense and the related income tax benefit included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (in millions):
2025		2024		2023
Share-based compensation expense	$	12,863 			$	11,688 			$	10,833 	
Income tax benefit related to share-based compensation expense	$	(3,602)			$	(3,350)			$	(3,421)	
 
As of September 27, 2025, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding RSUs was $21.8 billion, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of 2.5 years.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 45

Note 12 – Commitments, Contingencies and Supply Concentrations
Unconditional Purchase Obligations
The Company has entered into certain off–balance sheet commitments that require the future purchase of goods or services (“unconditional purchase obligations”). The Company’s unconditional purchase obligations primarily consist of supplier arrangements, licensed intellectual property and content, and distribution rights. Future payments under unconditional purchase obligations with a remaining term in excess of one year as of September 27, 2025, are as follows (in millions):
2026	$	4,752 	
2027	3,708 	
2028	1,981 	
2029	1,306 	
2030	788 	
Thereafter	773 	
Total	$	13,308 	
 
Contingencies
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and that have not been fully resolved. The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss greater than a recorded accrual, concerning loss contingencies for asserted legal and other claims.
Concentrations in the Available Sources of Supply of Materials and Product
Although most components essential to the Company’s business are generally available from multiple sources, certain components are currently obtained from single or limited sources. The Company also competes for various components with other participants in the markets for smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories. Therefore, many components used by the Company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortage and significant commodity pricing fluctuations. Restrictions on international trade can increase the cost or limit the availability of the Company’s products and the components and rare earths and other raw materials that go into them.
The Company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. The Company has entered into agreements for the supply of many components; however, the Company may not be able to extend or renew agreements for the supply of components on similar terms, or at all, and may not be successful in obtaining sufficient quantities from its suppliers or in a timely manner, or in identifying and obtaining sufficient quantities from an alternative source. In addition, component suppliers may fail, be subject to consolidation within a particular industry, or decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements, further limiting the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
Substantially all of the Company’s hardware products are manufactured by outsourcing partners that are located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 46

Note 13 – Segment Information and Geographic Data
The Company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company’s CEO is its CODM.
The Company’s reportable segments consist of the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. Americas includes both North and South America. Europe includes European countries, as well as India, the Middle East and Africa. Greater China includes China mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Rest of Asia Pacific includes Australia, New Zealand and those Asian countries not included in the Company’s other reportable segments. Although the reportable segments provide similar hardware and software products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the Company’s customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region.
The CODM uses segment net sales and operating income information to make certain decisions, such as product and service pricing, and to decide how to allocate resources related to sales activities and marketing investments. Net sales for geographic segments are generally based on the location of customers and sales through the Company’s retail stores located in those geographic locations. Operating income for each segment consists of net sales to third parties, related cost of sales, and operating expenses directly attributable to the segment. The information provided to the CODM for purposes of making decisions and assessing segment performance excludes asset information.
The following tables show information by reportable segment for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (in millions):
2025
Americas		Europe		
Greater
China
Japan		Rest of
Asia Pacific		Corporate		Total
Net sales	$	178,353 			$	111,032 			$	64,377 			$	28,703 			$	33,696 			$	— 			$	416,161 	
Cost of sales	(95,699)			(58,617)			(35,141)			(13,779)			(17,724)			— 			(220,960)	
Research and development	— 			— 			— 			— 			— 			(34,550)			(34,550)	
Selling and marketing	(10,174)			(4,676)			(2,319)			(969)			(1,386)			— 			(19,524)	
General and administrative	— 			— 			— 			— 			— 			(8,077)			(8,077)	
Operating income/(loss)	$	72,480 			$	47,739 			$	26,917 			$	13,955 			$	14,586 			$	(42,627)			$	133,050 	
 
2024
Americas		Europe		
Greater
China
Japan		Rest of
Asia Pacific		Corporate		Total
Net sales	$	167,045 			$	101,328 			$	66,952 			$	25,052 			$	30,658 			$	— 			$	391,035 	
Cost of sales	(89,587)			(55,197)			(37,519)			(11,744)			(16,305)			— 			(210,352)	
Research and development	— 			— 			— 			— 			— 			(31,370)			(31,370)	
Selling and marketing	(9,802)			(4,341)			(2,351)			(854)			(1,291)			— 			(18,639)	
General and administrative	— 			— 			— 			— 			— 			(7,458)			(7,458)	
Operating income/(loss)	$	67,656 			$	41,790 			$	27,082 			$	12,454 			$	13,062 			$	(38,828)			$	123,216 	
 
2023
Americas		Europe		
Greater
China
Japan		Rest of
Asia Pacific		Corporate		Total
Net sales	$	162,560 			$	94,294 			$	72,559 			$	24,257 			$	29,615 			$	— 			$	383,285 	
Cost of sales	(92,394)			(54,101)			(39,787)			(11,542)			(16,313)			— 			(214,137)	
Research and development	— 			— 			— 			— 			— 			(29,915)			(29,915)	
Selling and marketing	(9,658)			(4,095)			(2,444)			(827)			(1,236)			— 			(18,260)	
General and administrative	— 			— 			— 			— 			— 			(6,672)			(6,672)	
Operating income/(loss)	$	60,508 			$	36,098 			$	30,328 			$	11,888 			$	12,066 			$	(36,587)			$	114,301 	
 
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 47

The following tables show net sales for 2025, 2024 and 2023 and long-lived assets as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 for countries that individually accounted for 10% or more of the respective totals, as well as aggregate amounts for the remaining countries (in millions):
2025		2024		2023
Net sales:					
U.S.	$	151,790 			$	142,196 			$	138,573 	
China (1)
64,377 			66,952 			72,559 	
Other countries	199,994 			181,887 			172,153 	
Total net sales	$	416,161 			$	391,035 			$	383,285 	
 
2025		2024
Long-lived assets:			
U.S.	$	40,274 			$	35,664 	
China (1)
3,617 			4,797 	
Other countries	5,943 			5,219 	
Total long-lived assets	$	49,834 			$	45,680 	
 
(1)China includes Hong Kong and Taiwan.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 48


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Apple Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Apple Inc. (the “Company”) as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 27, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 27, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”).
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 27, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated October 31, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates.
Uncertain Tax Positions
Description of the Matter	
As discussed in Note 7 to the financial statements, the Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. As of September 27, 2025, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $23.2 billion, of which $10.6 billion, if recognized, would impact the Company’s effective tax rate. In accounting for some of the uncertain tax positions, the Company uses significant judgment in the interpretation and application of GAAP and complex domestic and international tax laws.
Auditing management’s evaluation of whether an uncertain tax position is more likely than not to be sustained and the measurement of the benefit of various tax positions can be complex, involves significant judgment, and is based on interpretations of tax laws.
 
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 49

How We Addressed the
Matter in Our Audit	
We tested controls relating to the evaluation of uncertain tax positions, including controls over management’s assessment as to whether tax positions are more likely than not to be sustained, management’s process to measure the benefit of its tax positions that qualify for recognition, and the related disclosures.
We evaluated the Company’s assessment of which tax positions are more likely than not to be sustained and the related measurement of the amount of tax benefit that qualifies for recognition. Our audit procedures included, among others, reading and evaluating management’s assumptions and analysis, and, as applicable, the Company’s communications with taxing authorities, that detailed the basis and technical merits of the uncertain tax positions. We involved our tax subject matter resources in assessing the technical merits of certain of the Company’s tax positions based on our knowledge of relevant tax laws and experience with related taxing authorities. In addition, we evaluated the Company’s disclosure in relation to these matters included in Note 7 to the financial statements.
 
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2009.

San Jose, California
October 31, 2025
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 50


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Apple Inc.
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 27, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the “COSO criteria”). In our opinion, Apple Inc. (the “Company”) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 27, 2025, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 27, 2025, and the related notes and our report dated October 31, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

San Jose, California
October 31, 2025
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 51

Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act were effective as of September 27, 2025 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Inherent Limitations over Internal Controls
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
(i)pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company’s assets;
(ii)provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that the Company’s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company’s management and directors; and
(iii)provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company’s internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the Company’s assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 27, 2025 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued an audit report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2025, which were identified in connection with management’s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 52

Item 9B.    Other Information
On October 31, 2025, the Company announced that Chris Kondo, Senior Director of Corporate Accounting and Principal Accounting Officer, will transition from his role on January 1, 2026. Following the transition, Mr. Kondo will continue to work on other projects. Ben Borders, the Company’s Director of Technical Accounting, will become Senior Director of Corporate Accounting and assume the role of Principal Accounting Officer. Mr. Borders will report to Kevan Parekh, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer.
Insider Trading Arrangements
None.
Item 9C.    Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
PART III
Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The information required by this Item will be included in the Company’s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 27, 2025, in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company’s 2026 annual meeting of shareholders (“2026 Proxy Statement”), and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 11.    Executive Compensation
The information required by this Item will be included in the 2026 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information required by this Item will be included in the 2026 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this Item will be included in the 2026 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 14.    Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The information required by this Item will be included in the 2026 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 53

PART IV
Item 15.    Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules
(a)Documents filed as part of this report
(1)All financial statements
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements		Page
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 27, 2025, September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023
29
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 27, 2025, September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023
30
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024
31
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended September 27, 2025, September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023
32
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 27, 2025, September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023
33
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
34
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm*
49
 
*Ernst & Young LLP, PCAOB Firm ID No. 00042.
(2)Financial Statement Schedules
All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Form 10-K.
(3)Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K (1)
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Number		Exhibit Description		Form		Exhibit		Filing Date/
Period End Date
3.1		
Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant filed on August 3, 2020.
8-K		3.1		8/7/20
3.2		
Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant effective as of August 20, 2024.
8-K		3.2		
8/23/24
4.1**		
Description of Securities of the Registrant.
4.2		
Indenture, dated as of April 29, 2013, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee.
S-3		4.1		4/29/13
4.3		
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 3, 2013, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2016, Floating Rate Notes due 2018, 0.45% Notes due 2016, 1.00% Notes due 2018, 2.40% Notes due 2023 and 3.85% Notes due 2043.
8-K		4.1		5/3/13
4.4		
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 6, 2014, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2017, Floating Rate Notes due 2019, 1.05% Notes due 2017, 2.10% Notes due 2019, 2.85% Notes due 2021, 3.45% Notes due 2024 and 4.45% Notes due 2044.
8-K		4.1		5/6/14
4.5		
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of November 10, 2014, including forms of global notes representing the 1.000% Notes due 2022 and 1.625% Notes due 2026.
8-K		4.1		11/10/14
4.6		
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of February 9, 2015, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2020, 1.55% Notes due 2020, 2.15% Notes due 2022, 2.50% Notes due 2025 and 3.45% Notes due 2045.
8-K		4.1		2/9/15
4.7		
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 13, 2015, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2017, Floating Rate Notes due 2020, 0.900% Notes due 2017, 2.000% Notes due 2020, 2.700% Notes due 2022, 3.200% Notes due 2025, and 4.375% Notes due 2045.
8-K		4.1		5/13/15
4.8		
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of July 31, 2015, including forms of global notes representing the 3.05% Notes due 2029 and 3.60% Notes due 2042.
8-K		4.1		7/31/15
 
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 54

Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Number		Exhibit Description		Form		Exhibit		Filing Date/
Period End Date
4.9		
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of September 17, 2015, including forms of global notes representing the 1.375% Notes due 2024 and 2.000% Notes due 2027.
8-K		4.1		9/17/15
4.10		
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of February 23, 2016, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2019, Floating Rate Notes due 2021, 1.300% Notes due 2018, 1.700% Notes due 2019, 2.250% Notes due 2021, 2.850% Notes due 2023, 3.250% Notes due 2026, 4.500% Notes due 2036 and 4.650% Notes due 2046.
8-K		4.1		2/23/16
4.11		
Supplement No. 1 to the Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of March 24, 2016.
8-K		4.1		3/24/16
4.12		
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of August 4, 2016, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2019, 1.100% Notes due 2019, 1.550% Notes due 2021, 2.450% Notes due 2026 and 3.850% Notes due 2046.
8-K		4.1		8/4/16
4.13		
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of February 9, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2019, Floating Rate Notes due 2020, Floating Rate Notes due 2022, 1.550% Notes due 2019, 1.900% Notes due 2020, 2.500% Notes due 2022, 3.000% Notes due 2024, 3.350% Notes due 2027 and 4.250% Notes due 2047.
8-K		4.1		2/9/17
4.14		
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 11, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2020, Floating Rate Notes due 2022, 1.800% Notes due 2020, 2.300% Notes due 2022, 2.850% Notes due 2024 and 3.200% Notes due 2027.
8-K		4.1		5/11/17
4.15		
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 24, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the 0.875% Notes due 2025 and 1.375% Notes due 2029.
8-K		4.1		5/24/17
4.16		
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of June 20, 2017, including form of global note representing the 3.000% Notes due 2027.
8-K		4.1		6/20/17
4.17
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of September 12, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the 1.500% Notes due 2019, 2.100% Notes due 2022, 2.900% Notes due 2027 and 3.750% Notes due 2047.
8-K		4.1		9/12/17
4.18
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of November 13, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the 1.800% Notes due 2019, 2.000% Notes due 2020, 2.400% Notes due 2023, 2.750% Notes due 2025, 3.000% Notes due 2027 and 3.750% Notes due 2047.
8-K		4.1		11/13/17
4.19
Indenture, dated as of November 5, 2018, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee.
S-3		4.1		11/5/18
4.20
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of September 11, 2019, including forms of global notes representing the 1.700% Notes due 2022, 1.800% Notes due 2024, 2.050% Notes due 2026, 2.200% Notes due 2029 and 2.950% Notes due 2049.
8-K		4.1		9/11/19
4.21
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of November 15, 2019, including forms of global notes representing the 0.000% Notes due 2025 and 0.500% Notes due 2031.
8-K		4.1		11/15/19
4.22
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 11, 2020, including forms of global notes representing the 0.750% Notes due 2023, 1.125% Notes due 2025, 1.650% Notes due 2030 and 2.650% Notes due 2050.
8-K		4.1		5/11/20
4.23
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of August 20, 2020, including forms of global notes representing the 0.550% Notes due 2025, 1.25% Notes due 2030, 2.400% Notes due 2050 and 2.550% Notes due 2060.
8-K		4.1		8/20/20
4.24
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of February 8, 2021, including forms of global notes representing the 0.700% Notes due 2026, 1.200% Notes due 2028, 1.650% Notes due 2031, 2.375% Notes due 2041, 2.650% Notes due 2051 and 2.800% Notes due 2061.
8-K		4.1		2/8/21
4.25
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of August 5, 2021, including forms of global notes representing the 1.400% Notes due 2028, 1.700% Notes due 2031, 2.700% Notes due 2051 and 2.850% Notes due 2061.
8-K		4.1		8/5/21
 
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 55

Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Number		Exhibit Description		Form		Exhibit		Filing Date/
Period End Date
4.26
Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2021, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee.
S-3		4.1		10/29/21
4.27
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of August 8, 2022, including forms of global notes representing the 3.250% Notes due 2029, 3.350% Notes due 2032, 3.950% Notes due 2052 and 4.100% Notes due 2062.
8-K		4.1		8/8/22
4.28
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 10, 2023, including forms of global notes representing the 4.421% Notes due 2026, 4.000% Notes due 2028, 4.150% Notes due 2030, 4.300% Notes due 2033 and 4.850% Notes due 2053.
8-K		4.1		5/10/23
4.29
Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 12, 2025, including forms of global notes representing the 4.000% Notes due 2028, 4.200% Notes due 2030, 4.500% Notes due 2032 and 4.750% Notes due 2035.
8-K		4.1		5/12/25
4.30*
Apple Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan.
S-8		4.1		8/23/18
10.1*		
Apple Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended as of November 6, 2024.
10-Q
10.1		12/28/24
10.2*		
Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each director and executive officer of the Registrant.
10-Q		10.2		6/27/09
10.3*		
Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, as amended November 6, 2024.
10-Q		
10.2
12/28/24
10.4*		
Apple Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Plan, as amended and restated as of October 1, 2017.
10-K		10.8		9/30/17
10.5*
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Employee Stock Plan effective as of August 18, 2020.
10-K		10.16		9/26/20
10.6*
Apple Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Plan.
8-K		10.1		3/4/22
10.7*
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of March 4, 2022.
8-K		10.2		3/4/22
10.8*
Form of Performance Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of March 4, 2022.
8-K		10.3		3/4/22
10.9*
Apple Inc. Executive Cash Incentive Plan.
8-K		10.1		8/19/22
10.10*
Form of CEO Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of September 25, 2022.
10-Q		10.1		12/31/22
10.11*
Form of CEO Performance Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of September 25, 2022.
10-Q		10.2		12/31/22
10.12*
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of September 29, 2024.
10-K
10.19		9/28/24
10.13*
Form of Performance Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of September 29, 2024.
10-K
10.20
9/28/24
10.14*
Form of CEO Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of September 29, 2024.
10-K
10.21		9/28/24
10.15*
Form of CEO Performance Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of September 29, 2024.
10-K
10.22		9/28/24
19.1
Insider Trading Policy.
10-K
19.1		9/28/24
21.1**		
Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
23.1**		
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
24.1**		
Power of Attorney (included on the Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K).
31.1**		
Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.
31.2**		
Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.
32.1***		
Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.
97.1*
Rule 10D-1 Recovery Policy
10-K
97.1		9/28/24
 
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 56

Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Number		Exhibit Description		Form		Exhibit		Filing Date/
Period End Date
101**		
Inline XBRL Document Set for the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
104**		
Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set.
 
*Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
**Filed herewith.
***Furnished herewith.
(1)Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the Registrant are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the SEC, upon request, copies of any such instruments.
Item 16.    Form 10-K Summary
None.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 57

SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
Date: October 31, 2025
Apple Inc.
By:		/s/ Kevan Parekh
Kevan Parekh
Senior Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer
 
Power of Attorney
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Timothy D. Cook and Kevan Parekh, jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:
Name		Title		Date
/s/ Timothy D. Cook		Chief Executive Officer and Director
(Principal Executive Officer)		October 31, 2025
TIMOTHY D. COOK			
/s/ Kevan Parekh		Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)		October 31, 2025
KEVAN PAREKH			
/s/ Chris Kondo		Senior Director of Corporate Accounting
(Principal Accounting Officer)		October 31, 2025
CHRIS KONDO			
/s/ Wanda Austin
Director		October 31, 2025
WANDA AUSTIN
/s/ Alex Gorsky		Director		October 31, 2025
ALEX GORSKY			
/s/ Andrea Jung		Director		October 31, 2025
ANDREA JUNG			
/s/ Arthur D. Levinson		Director and Chair of the Board		October 31, 2025
ARTHUR D. LEVINSON			
/s/ Monica Lozano		Director		October 31, 2025
MONICA LOZANO			
/s/ Ronald D. Sugar		Director		October 31, 2025
RONALD D. SUGAR			
/s/ Susan L. Wagner		Director		October 31, 2025
SUSAN L. WAGNER			
 
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 58
 MenuMenu
 SectionsSections
Search Facts
 DataData
 TagsTags
 More FiltersMore Filters
Facts 1,221
tsla-20260630.htm1,221


 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-Q
(Mark One)
x	QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
For the quarterly period ended June 30, 2026
OR
o	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
For the transition period from _________ to _________
Commission File Number: 001-34756
Tesla, Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Texas		91-2197729
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
 
1 Tesla Road
Austin, Texas
78725
(Address of principal executive offices)		(Zip Code)
 
(512) 516-8177
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class	Trading Symbol(s)	Name of each exchange on which registered
Common stock	
TSLA
The Nasdaq Global Select Market
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x No o
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:
Large accelerated filer
x		Accelerated filer		o
Non-accelerated filer		o		Smaller reporting company		o
Emerging growth company		o				
 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No x
As of July 16, 2026, there were 3,949,547,394 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding.
 


TESLA, INC.
FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED JUNE 30, 2026
INDEX 
 	 	Page
PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Item 1.
Financial Statements
4
Consolidated Balance Sheets
4
Consolidated Statements of Operations
5
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
6
Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity
7
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
9
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
10
Item 2.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
28
Item 3.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
37
Item 4.
Controls and Procedures
37
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.
Legal Proceedings
38
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
38
Item 2.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
38
Item 3.
Defaults Upon Senior Securities
38
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
38
Item 5.
Other Information
38
Item 6.
Exhibits
39
 
Signatures
40
 
1
Table of Contents
Forward-Looking Statements
The discussions in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions with respect to the future and management’s current expectations, involve certain risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning supply chain constraints, our strategy, competition, future operations and production capacity, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, profitability, expected cost reductions, capital adequacy, expectations regarding demand and acceptance for our technologies, growth opportunities and trends in the markets in which we operate, prospects and plans and objectives of management. The words “anticipates,” “believes,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “projects,” “will,” “would,” “predicts” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Future results may differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the risks set forth in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 and that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The discussion of such risks is not an indication that any such risks have occurred at the time of this filing. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements.

Table of Contents
PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tesla, Inc.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in millions, except per share data)
(unaudited)

June 30,
2026		December 31,
2025
Assets			
Current assets			
Cash and cash equivalents	$	15,219 			$	16,513 	
Short-term investments	28,305 			27,546 	
Accounts receivable, net	4,087 			4,576 	
Inventory	13,752 			12,392 	
Prepaid expenses and other current assets	7,395 			7,615 	
Total current assets	68,758 			68,642 	
Operating lease vehicles, net	4,253 			4,912 	
Energy generation and storage systems, net	4,510 			4,604 	
Property, plant and equipment, net	47,255 			40,643 	
Operating lease right-of-use assets	6,386 			6,027 	
Digital assets	674 			1,008 	
Deferred tax assets	7,235 			6,925 	
Other non-current assets	9,453 			5,045 	
Total assets	$	148,524 			$	137,806 	
Liabilities			
Current liabilities			
Accounts payable	$	15,324 			$	13,371 	
Accrued liabilities and other	15,256 			13,279 	
Deferred revenue	3,427 			3,424 	
Current portion of debt and finance leases	1,418 			1,640 	
Total current liabilities	35,425 			31,714 	
Debt and finance leases, net of current portion	7,924 			6,736 	
Deferred revenue, net of current portion	4,073 			3,631 	
Other long-term liabilities	13,583 			12,860 	
Total liabilities	61,005 			54,941 	
Commitments and contingencies (Note 11)			
Redeemable noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries	54 			58 	
Equity			
Stockholders’ equity			
Preferred stock; $0.001 par value; 100 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
— 			— 	
Common stock; $0.001 par value; 6,000 shares authorized; 3,949 and 3,751 shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, respectively
4 			3 	
Additional paid-in capital	45,859 			42,770 	
Accumulated other comprehensive income	401 			361 	
Retained earnings	40,594 			39,003 	
Total stockholders’ equity	86,858 			82,137 	
Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries	607 			670 	
Total liabilities and equity	$	148,524 			$	137,806 	
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
4
Table of Contents
Tesla, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Operations
(in millions, except per share data)
(unaudited)
 	Three Months Ended June 30,		Six Months Ended June 30,
 	2026		2025		2026		2025
Revenues							
Automotive sales	$	20,006 			$	15,787 			$	35,479 			$	28,712 	
Automotive regulatory credits	146 			439 			526 			1,034 	
Automotive leasing	364 			435 			745 			882 	
Total automotive revenues	20,516 			16,661 			36,750 			30,628 	
Energy generation and storage	3,139 			2,789 			5,547 			5,519 	
Services and other	4,581 			3,046 			8,326 			5,684 	
Total revenues	28,236 			22,496 			50,623 			41,831 	
Cost of revenues							
Automotive sales	16,866 			13,567 			29,482 			25,028 	
Automotive leasing	187 			228 			383 			467 	
Total automotive cost of revenues	17,053 			13,795 			29,865 			25,495 	
Energy generation and storage	2,499 			1,943 			3,955 			3,888 	
Services and other	3,933 			2,880 			7,332 			5,417 	
Total cost of revenues	23,485 			18,618 			41,152 			34,800 	
Gross profit	4,751 			3,878 			9,471 			7,031 	
Operating expenses							
Research and development	2,371 			1,589 			4,317 			2,998 	
Selling, general and administrative	1,982 			1,366 			3,815 			2,617 	
Restructuring and other	— 			— 			— 			94 	
Total operating expenses	4,353 			2,955 			8,132 			5,709 	
Income from operations	398 			923 			1,339 			1,322 	
Interest income	422 			392 			856 			792 	
Interest expense	(81)			(86)			(173)			(177)	
Other income, net	590 			320 			55 			201 	
Income before income taxes	1,329 			1,549 			2,077 			2,138 	
Provision for income taxes	201 			359 			458 			528 	
Net income	1,128 			1,190 			1,619 			1,610 	
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries	14 			18 			28 			29 	
Net income attributable to common stockholders	$	1,114 			$	1,172 			$	1,591 			$	1,581 	
 							
Net income per share of common stock attributable to common stockholders							
Basic	$	0.34 			$	0.36 			$	0.49 			$	0.49 	
Diluted	$	0.32 			$	0.33 			$	0.45 			$	0.45 	
Weighted average shares used in computing net income per share of common stock							
Basic	3,237		3,223		3,235		3,220
Diluted	3,540		3,519		3,538		3,520
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
5
Table of Contents
Tesla, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(in millions)
(unaudited)
 	Three Months Ended June 30,		Six Months Ended June 30,
 	2026		2025		2026		2025
Net income	$	1,128 			$	1,190 			$	1,619 			$	1,610 	
Other comprehensive income (loss):							
Foreign currency translation adjustment	78 			585 			61 			836 	
Unrealized net loss on short-term investments, net of tax	(11)			(3)			(21)			(8)	
Total other comprehensive income	67 			582 			40 			828 	
Comprehensive income	1,195 			1,772 			1,659 			2,438 	
Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries	14 			18 			28 			29 	
Comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders	$	1,181 			$	1,754 			$	1,631 			$	2,409 	
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
6
Table of Contents
Tesla, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity
(in millions)
(unaudited)
Three Months Ended June 30, 2026	
Redeemable
Noncontrolling
Interests
Common Stock		Additional
Paid-In
Capital		
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive Income
Retained
Earnings		
Total
Stockholders’
Equity
Noncontrolling
Interests in
Subsidiaries
Total
Equity
Shares		Amount
Balance as of March 31, 2026	$	57 				3,755		$	3 			$	44,299 			$	334 			$	39,480 			$	84,116 			$	629 			$	84,745 	
Issuance of common stock for equity incentive awards and acquisitions, net of transaction costs	— 				194		1 			322 			— 			— 			323 			— 			323 	
Stock-based compensation	— 				— 			— 			1,222 			— 			— 			1,222 			— 			1,222 	
Distributions to noncontrolling interests	(3)				—		— 			— 			— 			— 			— 			(32)			(32)	
Buy-outs of noncontrolling interests	(2)				—		— 			2 			— 			— 			2 			(2)			— 	
Shareholder settlement, net of $4 tax
— 				—		— 			14 			— 			— 			14 			— 			14 	
Net income	2 				—		— 			— 			— 			1,114 			1,114 			12 			1,126 	
Other comprehensive income	— 				—		— 			— 			67 			— 			67 			— 			67 	
Balance as of June 30, 2026	$	54 				3,949		$	4 			$	45,859 			$	401 			$	40,594 			$	86,858 			$	607 			$	87,465 	
 
Six Months Ended June 30, 2026	
Redeemable
Noncontrolling
Interests
Common Stock		Additional
Paid-In
Capital		
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Income
Retained
Earnings		
Total
Stockholders’
Equity
Noncontrolling
Interests in
Subsidiaries
Total
Equity
Shares		Amount
Balance as of December 31, 2025	$	58 				3,751		$	3 			$	42,770 			$	361 			$	39,003 			$	82,137 			$	670 			$	82,807 	
Issuance of common stock for equity incentive awards and acquisitions, net of transaction costs	— 				198		1 			683 			— 			— 			684 			— 			684 	
Stock-based compensation	— 				— 			— 			2,315 			— 			— 			2,315 			— 			2,315 	
Distributions to noncontrolling interests	(5)				—		— 			— 			— 			— 			— 			(86)			(86)	
Buy-outs of noncontrolling interests	(2)				—		— 			2 			— 			— 			2 			(2)			— 	
Shareholder settlement, net of $27 tax
— 				—		— 			89 			— 			— 			89 			— 			89 	
Net income	3 				—		— 			— 			— 			1,591 			1,591 			25 			1,616 	
Other comprehensive income	— 				—		— 			— 			40 			— 			40 			— 			40 	
Balance as of June 30, 2026	$	54 				3,949		$	4 			$	45,859 			$	401 			$	40,594 			$	86,858 			$	607 			$	87,465 	
 
7
Table of Contents
Tesla, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity
(in millions)
(unaudited)
Three Months Ended June 30, 2025	
Redeemable
Noncontrolling
Interests
Common Stock		Additional
Paid-In
Capital		
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive (Loss) Income
Retained
Earnings		
Total
Stockholders’
Equity
Noncontrolling
Interests in
Subsidiaries
Total
Equity
Shares		Amount
Balance as of March 31, 2025	$	62 				3,220		$	3 			$	39,456 			$	(424)			$	35,618 			$	74,653 			$	703 			$	75,356 	
Issuance of common stock for equity incentive awards	— 				4		— 			215 			— 			— 			215 			— 			215 	
Stock-based compensation	— 				—		— 			692 			— 			— 			692 			— 			692 	
Distributions to noncontrolling interests	(2)				—		— 			— 			— 			— 			— 			(23)			(23)	
Net income	1 				—		— 			— 			— 			1,172 			1,172 			17 			1,189 	
Other comprehensive income	— 				—		— 			— 			582 			— 			582 			— 			582 	
Balance as of June 30, 2025	$	61 				3,224		$	3 			$	40,363 			$	158 			$	36,790 			$	77,314 			$	697 			$	78,011 	
 
Six Months Ended June 30, 2025	
Redeemable
Noncontrolling
Interests
Common Stock		Additional
Paid-In
Capital		
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
(Loss) Income
Retained
Earnings		
Total
Stockholders’
Equity
Noncontrolling
Interests in
Subsidiaries
Total
Equity
Shares		Amount
Balance as of December 31, 2024	$	63 				3,216		$	3 			$	38,371 			$	(670)			$	35,209 			$	72,913 			$	704 			$	73,617 	
Issuance of common stock for equity incentive awards	— 				8		— 			528 			— 			— 			528 			— 			528 	
Stock-based compensation	— 				—		— 			1,354 			— 			— 			1,354 			— 			1,354 	
Distributions to noncontrolling interests	(4)				—		— 			— 			— 			— 			— 			(34)			(34)	
Shareholder settlement, net	— 				— 			— 			110 			— 			— 			110 			— 			110 	
Net income	2 				—		— 			— 			— 			1,581 			1,581 			27 			1,608 	
Other comprehensive income	— 				—		— 			— 			828 			— 			828 			— 			828 	
Balance as of June 30, 2025	$	61 				3,224		$	3 			$	40,363 			$	158 			$	36,790 			$	77,314 			$	697 			$	78,011 	
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
8
Table of Contents
Tesla, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in millions)
(unaudited)
 	Six Months Ended June 30,
 	2026		2025
Cash Flows from Operating Activities			
Net income	$	1,619 			$	1,610 	
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:			
Depreciation, amortization and impairment	3,209 			2,880 	
Stock-based compensation	2,181 			1,208 	
Inventory write-downs	187 			248 	
Foreign currency transaction net unrealized loss	599 			54 	
Deferred income taxes	(301)			9 	
SpaceX equity investment unrealized gain	(1,005)			— 	
Digital assets unrealized loss (gain)	334 			(159)	
Non-cash interest and other operating activities	33 			73 	
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:			
Accounts receivable	377 			601 	
Inventory	(1,663)			(2,407)	
Operating lease vehicles	260 			65 	
Prepaid expenses and other assets	(1,028)			(1,137)	
Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities	3,341 			1,333 	
Deferred revenue	491 			318 	
Net cash provided by operating activities
8,634 			4,696 	
Cash Flows from Investing Activities			
Purchases of property and equipment excluding finance leases, net of sales	(8,282)			(3,886)	
Purchase of SpaceX equity investment	(2,002)			— 	
Purchases of short-term investments	(16,281)			(13,500)	
Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments	15,621 			12,791 	
Purchase of intangible assets	(7)			— 	
Net cash used in investing activities
(10,951)			(4,595)	
Cash Flows from Financing Activities			
Proceeds from issuances of debt	4,679 			3,050 	
Repayments of debt	(3,922)			(4,129)	
Debt issuance costs	(4)			(1)	
Proceeds from exercises of stock options and other stock issuances, net of issuance costs	468 			528 	
Principal payments on finance leases	(37)			(67)	
Proceeds received from directors in shareholder settlement	— 			277 	
Recovery (payment) of legal fees associated with shareholder settlement	116 			(176)	
Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries	(91)			(36)	
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
1,209 			(554)	
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash	(83)			151 	
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
(1,191)			(302)	
Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period	17,616 			17,037 	
Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period	$	16,425 			$	16,735 	
Supplemental Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities			
Acquisitions of property and equipment included in liabilities	$	2,633 			$	1,639 	
Leased assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities	$	886 			$	784 	
Leased assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities	$	97 			$	— 	
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
9
Table of Contents
Tesla, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(unaudited)
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Unaudited Interim Financial Statements
The consolidated financial statements of Tesla, Inc. (“Tesla”, the “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”), including the consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2026, the consolidated statements of operations, the consolidated statements of comprehensive income and the consolidated statements of redeemable noncontrolling interests and equity for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, as well as other information disclosed in the accompanying notes, are unaudited. The consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2025 was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as of that date. The interim consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the annual consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025.
The interim consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes have been prepared on the same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of the results of operations for the periods presented. The consolidated results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or for any other future years or interim periods.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue by source
The following table disaggregates our revenue by major source (in millions):
 	Three Months Ended June 30,		Six Months Ended June 30,
 	2026		2025		2026		2025
Automotive sales	$	20,006 			$	15,787 			$	35,479 			$	28,712 	
Automotive regulatory credits	146 			439 			526 			1,034 	
Energy generation and storage sales	2,998 			2,646 			5,303 			5,267 	
Services and other	4,581 			3,046 			8,326 			5,684 	
Total revenues from sales and services	27,731 			21,918 			49,634 			40,697 	
Automotive leasing	364 			435 			745 			882 	
Energy generation and storage leasing	141 			143 			244 			252 	
Total revenues	$	28,236 			$	22,496 			$	50,623 			$	41,831 	
 
Automotive Segment
Automotive Sales
Deferred revenue related to internet connectivity, access to our Full Self-Driving (“FSD”) (Supervised) features and their ongoing maintenance, free Supercharging programs and over-the-air software updates primarily on automotive sales amounted to $4.05 billion and $3.87 billion as of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, respectively.
Deferred revenue is equivalent to the total transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied, or partially unsatisfied, as of the balance sheet date. Revenue recognized from the deferred revenue balances as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $468 million and $428 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, respectively. Of the total deferred revenue balance as of June 30, 2026, we expect to recognize $962 million of revenue in the next 12 months. The remaining balance will be recognized at the time of transfer of control of the product or over the performance period.
10
Table of Contents
We have financing receivables on our consolidated balance sheets related to loans we provide for financing our automotive deliveries. As of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, we had current net financing receivables of $241 million and $247 million, respectively, in Accounts receivable, net, and $466 million and $554 million, respectively, in Other non-current assets for the long-term portion.
We offer resale value guarantees to our commercial banking partners in connection with certain vehicle leasing programs. Under these programs, we originate the lease with our end customer and immediately transfer the lease and the underlying vehicle to our commercial banking partner, with the transaction being accounted for as a sale under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
We receive upfront payment for the vehicle, do not bear casualty and credit risks during the lease term, and we provide a guarantee capped to a limit if they are unable to sell the vehicle at or above the vehicle’s contractual or determined residual value at the end of the lease term. We estimate a guarantee liability in accordance with ASC 460, Guarantees and record it within other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. On a quarterly basis, we assess the estimated market value of vehicles sold under these programs to determine whether there have been changes to the amount of expected resale value guarantee liabilities. As we accumulate more data related to the resale values of our vehicles or as market conditions change, there may be material changes to their estimated values. The total recorded guarantee liabilities on vehicles sold under these programs were immaterial as of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025. Our maximum exposure on the guarantees we provide if they are unable to sell the vehicle at or above the vehicle’s contractual residual value at the end of the lease term was $4.07 billion and $3.45 billion as of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, respectively.
Automotive Regulatory Credits
As of June 30, 2026, total transaction price allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied for contracts with an original expected length of more than one year was $287 million. Of this amount, we expect to recognize $220 million in the next 12 months and the rest over the remaining performance obligation period. Changes in regulations on automotive regulatory credits may significantly impact our remaining performance obligations and revenue to be recognized under these contracts. Recent governmental and regulatory actions have restricted certain regulatory credit programs tied to our products.
Automotive Leasing Revenue
Direct Sales-Type Leasing Program
Lease receivables relating to sales-type leases are presented on the consolidated balance sheets as follows (in millions):
 	June 30, 2026		December 31, 2025
Gross lease receivables	$	167 			$	259 	
Unearned interest income	(7)			(14)	
Allowance for expected credit losses	(3)			(5)	
Net investment in sales-type leases	$	157 			$	240 	
Reported as:			
Prepaid expenses and other current assets	$	105 			$	130 	
Other non-current assets	52 			110 	
Net investment in sales-type leases	$	157 			$	240 	
 
11
Table of Contents
Energy Generation and Storage Segment
Energy Generation and Storage Sales
We record as deferred revenue any non-refundable amounts that are primarily related to prepayments from customers, which is recognized as revenue as or when the performance obligations are satisfied. As of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, deferred revenue related to such customer payments amounted to $2.31 billion and $2.04 billion, respectively, mainly due to contractual payment terms. Revenue recognized from the deferred revenue balances as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $1.12 billion and $944 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, respectively. We have elected the practical expedient to omit disclosure of the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for contracts with an original expected contract length of one year or less and the amount that we have the right to invoice when that amount corresponds directly with the value of the performance to date. As of June 30, 2026, total transaction price allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied for contracts with an original expected length of more than one year was $10.05 billion. Of this amount, we expect to recognize $4.56 billion in the next 12 months and the rest over the remaining performance obligation period. Changes in government and economic incentives or tariffs may impact the transaction price or our ability to execute these existing contracts.
We have financing receivables on our consolidated balance sheets related to loans we provide for financing our energy products. As of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, we had current net financing receivables of $41 million and $38 million, respectively, in Accounts receivable, net, and $695 million and $731 million, respectively, in Other non-current assets for the long-term portion.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets that are not more likely than not to be realized. We monitor the realizability of our deferred tax assets taking into account all relevant factors at each reporting period. In completing our assessment of realizability of our deferred tax assets, we consider our history of income (loss) measured at pre-tax income (loss) adjusted for permanent book-tax differences on a jurisdictional basis, volatility in actual earnings, excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation in recent prior years and impacts of the timing of reversal of existing temporary differences. We also rely on our assessment of the Company’s projected future results of business operations, including uncertainty in future operating results relative to historical results, volatility in the market price of our common stock and its performance over time, variable macroeconomic conditions impacting our ability to forecast future taxable income, and changes in business that may affect the existence and magnitude of future taxable income. Our valuation allowance assessment is based on our best estimate of future results considering all available information.
Our provision for income taxes for interim periods is determined using an estimate of our annual effective tax rate, adjusted for discrete items, if any, that are taken into account in the relevant period. Each quarter, we update our estimate of the annual effective tax rate, and if our estimated tax rate changes, we make a cumulative adjustment.
Net Income per Share of Common Stock Attributable to Common Stockholders
The following table presents the reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders to net income used in computing basic and diluted net income per share of common stock (in millions):
Three Months Ended June 30,		Six Months Ended June 30,
2026		2025		2026		2025
Net income attributable to common stockholders	$	1,114 			$	1,172 			$	1,591 			$	1,581 	
Less: Buy-outs of noncontrolling interest	(2)			— 			(2)			— 	
Net income used in computing basic and diluted net income per share of common stock	$	1,116 			$	1,172 			$	1,593 			$	1,581 	
 
12
Table of Contents
Restricted stock awards will be excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average shares until the shares have been deemed to be earned. The following table presents the reconciliation of basic to diluted weighted average shares used in computing net income per share of common stock attributable to common stockholders (in millions):
Three Months Ended June 30,		Six Months Ended June 30,
2026		2025		2026		2025
Weighted average shares used in computing net income per share of common stock, basic	3,237		3,223		3,235		3,220
Add: Stock-based awards	303		296		303		300
Weighted average shares used in computing net income per share of common stock, diluted	3,540		3,519		3,538		3,520
 
The following table presents the potentially dilutive shares that were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share of common stock attributable to common stockholders, because their effect was anti-dilutive (in millions):
Three Months Ended June 30,		Six Months Ended June 30,
2026		2025		2026		2025
Stock-based awards	12		15		9		14
 
Restricted Cash
Our total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, as presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows, was as follows (in millions):
 	June 30,
2026		December 31,
2025		June 30,
2025		December 31,
2024
Cash and cash equivalents	$	15,219 			$	16,513 			$	15,587 			$	16,139 	
Restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets	496 			389 			559 			494 	
Restricted cash included in other non-current assets	710 			714 			589 			404 	
Total as presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows	$	16,425 			$	17,616 			$	16,735 			$	17,037 	
 
SpaceX Equity Investment
We are presumed to have significant influence over our equity method investment in SpaceX under ASC 323, Equity Method Investments and Joint Ventures, as our CEO also serves as the CEO of SpaceX but as we do not have control over the investee, we have elected the fair value option in accordance with ASC 825, Financial Instruments, to provide a more relevant measure of the investment’s current economic value to financial statement users. The fair value is determined on a quarterly basis in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, based on market observable inputs. The equity investment is presented within Other non-current assets on our consolidated balance sheet. Realized and unrealized gains and losses are recorded to Other income, net in our consolidated statement of operations. See Note 13, Related Party Transactions, for further information regarding our equity investment.
Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
Depending on the day of the week on which the end of a fiscal quarter falls, our accounts receivable balance may fluctuate as we are waiting for certain customer payments to clear through our banking institutions and receipts of payments from our financing partners, which can take up to approximately two weeks based on the contractual payment terms with such partners. Our accounts receivable balances associated with sales of energy storage products are dependent on billing milestones and payment terms negotiated for each contract, and our accounts receivable balances associated with our sales of regulatory credits are dependent on contractual payment terms.
13
Table of Contents
Financing Receivables
As of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the vast majority of our financing receivables were at current status with an immaterial balance being past due. As of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the majority of our financing receivables, excluding MyPower notes receivable, were originated from 2022 through 2025.
As of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the total outstanding balance of MyPower customer notes receivable, net of allowance for expected credit losses, was $240 million and $241 million, respectively, of which immaterial amounts were due in the next 12 months. As of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the allowance for expected credit losses was $18 million and $26 million, respectively.
Concentration of Risk
Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to a concentration of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, restricted cash, accounts receivable and other finance receivables. Our cash and short-term investments balances are primarily on deposit at high credit quality financial institutions or invested in highly rated, investment-grade securities. These deposits are typically in excess of insured limits. As of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, no entity represented 10% or more of our total receivables balance.
Supply Risk
We are dependent on our suppliers, including single source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to deliver necessary components of our products in a timely manner at prices, quality levels and volumes acceptable to us, or our inability to efficiently manage these components from these suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
Warranties
Accrued warranty activity consisted of the following (in millions):
Three Months Ended June 30,		Six Months Ended June 30,
2026		2025		2026		2025
Accrued warranty - beginning of period	$	8,472 			$	7,214 			$	8,607 			$	6,716 	
Warranty costs incurred	(504)			(398)			(972)			(790)	
Net changes in liability for pre-existing warranties, including expirations and foreign exchange impact	380 			105 			207 			452 	
Provision for warranty	615 			591 			1,121 			1,134 	
Accrued warranty - end of period	$	8,963 			$	7,512 			$	8,963 			$	7,512 	
 
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (Subtopic 220-40). The ASU requires the disaggregated disclosure of specific expense categories, including purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, and amortization, within relevant income statement captions. This ASU also requires disclosure of the total amount of selling expenses along with the definition of selling expenses. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Adoption of this ASU can either be applied prospectively to consolidated financial statements issued for reporting periods after the effective date of this ASU or retrospectively to any or all prior periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. Early adoption is also permitted. We are currently evaluating the provisions of this ASU and expect this ASU will likely result in the required additional disclosures being included in our consolidated financial statements, once adopted.
14
Table of Contents
In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-06, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software. The ASU simplifies the capitalization guidance by removing all references to prescriptive and sequential software development stages (referred to as “project stages”) throughout ASC 350-40. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2027, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Adoption of this ASU can be applied prospectively for reporting periods after its effective date; or following a modified transition approach that is based on the status of the respective projects and whether software costs were capitalized before the date of adoption; or retrospectively to any or all prior periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the provisions of this ASU and do not expect this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-10, Government Grants (Topic 832): Accounting for Government Grants Received by Business Entities. The ASU establishes authoritative guidance in GAAP about accounting for government grants received by business entities, clarifies the appropriate accounting, in an effort to reduce diversity in practice, and increase consistency of application across business entities. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2028, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Adoption of this ASU can be applied on a modified prospective approach, a modified retrospective approach, or a retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the provisions of this ASU and do not expect this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-11, Interim Reporting (Topic 270): Narrow-Scope Improvements. The ASU clarifies interim disclosure requirements and the applicability of Topic 270. The objective of the amendments is to provide further clarity about the current interim disclosure requirements. The ASU is effective for interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Adoption of this ASU can be applied on either a prospective or a retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the provisions of this ASU and do not expect this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-12, Codification Improvements. The ASU addresses thirty-three items, representing the changes to the Codification that (1) clarify, (2) correct errors, or (3) make minor improvements. Generally, the amendments in this Update are not intended to result in significant changes for most entities. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. The adoption method of this ASU may vary, on an issue-by-issue basis. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the provisions of this ASU and do not expect this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
In May 2026, the FASB issued ASU No. 2026-02, Environmental Credits and Environmental Credit Obligations (Topic 818). The ASU establishes authoritative guidance for the accounting of environmental credits and environmental credit obligations, including recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure requirements, in an effort to reduce diversity in practice and increase consistency of application across reporting entities. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Adoption of this ASU should be applied on a retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings (or other appropriate components of equity or net assets on the balance sheet) as of the beginning of the annual reporting period of adoption, without recasting for any financial statement information before the period of adoption. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual reporting period. We are currently evaluating the provisions of this ASU.
Recently adopted accounting pronouncements
ASU 2025-05
In July 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-05, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets. The amendments in this update provide a practical expedient permitting an entity to assume that conditions at the balance sheet date remain unchanged over the life of the asset when estimating expected credit losses for current classified accounts receivable and contract assets. We adopted this ASU on a prospective basis effective January 1, 2026 and did not elect the practical expedient permitted under this ASU. Therefore, the adoption has no impact on our consolidated financial statements.
15
Table of Contents
Note 2 – Fair Value of Financial Instruments
ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, states that fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. The three-tiered fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes which inputs should be used in measuring fair value, is comprised of: (Level I) observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; (Level II) inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly and (Level III) unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data. The fair value hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available in determining fair value. Our assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows (in millions):
 	June 30, 2026		December 31, 2025
 	Fair Value		Level I		Level II		Level III		Fair Value		Level I		Level II		Level III
Certificates of deposit and time deposits	$	13,034 			$	— 			$	13,034 			$	— 			$	14,600 			$	— 			$	14,600 			$	— 	
U.S. government securities	8,254 			— 			8,254 			— 			7,321 			— 			7,321 			— 	
Commercial paper	7,017 			— 			7,017 			— 			5,617 			— 			5,617 			— 	
SpaceX equity investment (1)	3,007 			— 			3,007 			— 			— 			— 			— 			— 	
Money market funds	1,871 			1,871 			— 			— 			1,890 			1,890 			— 			— 	
Digital assets (2)	674 			674 			— 			— 			1,008 			1,008 			— 			— 	
Corporate debt securities	— 			— 			— 			— 			8 			— 			8 			— 	
Total	$	33,857 			$	2,545 			$	31,312 			$	— 			$	30,444 			$	2,898 			$	27,546 			$	— 	
 
(1)The investment is classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy based on observable market inputs used to estimate the $238 million discount for lack of marketability due to regulatory restrictions expiring in September 2026. For the three months ended June 30, 2026, we recorded a $1.00 billion net gain on our SpaceX equity investment. In addition, we are subject to customary sales restrictions in connection with the SpaceX initial public offering that expire in December 2026.
(2)As of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the majority of our digital assets were comprised of 11,509 units of Bitcoin held at an acquisition cost of $386 million.
Our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments classified by security type as of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025 consisted of the following (in millions):
 	June 30, 2026
 	Adjusted Cost		Gross Unrealized Gains		Gross Unrealized Losses		Fair Value		Cash and Cash Equivalents		Short-Term Investments
Cash	$	13,348 			$	— 			$	— 			$	13,348 			$	13,348 			$	— 	
Certificates of deposit and time deposits	13,037 			— 			(3)			13,034 			— 			13,034 	
U.S. government securities	8,273 			1 			(20)			8,254 			— 			8,254 	
Commercial paper	7,021 			1 			(5)			7,017 			— 			7,017 	
Money market funds	1,871 			— 			— 			1,871 			1,871 			— 	
Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments	$	43,550 			$	2 			$	(28)			$	43,524 			$	15,219 			$	28,305 	
 
16
Table of Contents
 	December 31, 2025
 	Adjusted Cost		Gross Unrealized Gains		Gross Unrealized Losses		Fair Value		Cash and Cash Equivalents		Short-Term Investments
Cash	$	14,623 			$	— 			$	— 			$	14,623 			$	14,623 			$	— 	
Certificates of deposit and time deposits	14,598 			2 			— 			14,600 			— 			14,600 	
U.S. government securities	7,318 			5 			(2)			7,321 			— 			7,321 	
Commercial paper	5,619 			— 			(2)			5,617 			— 			5,617 	
Money market funds	1,890 			— 			— 			1,890 			1,890 			— 	
Corporate debt securities	8 			— 			— 			8 			— 			8 	
Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments	$	44,056 			$	7 			$	(4)			$	44,059 			$	16,513 			$	27,546 	
 
As of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, short-term investments held and restricted for our insurance business were $286 million and $254 million, respectively.
As of June 30, 2026, the majority of our short-term investments had contractual maturity dates within one year.
Disclosure of Fair Values
Our financial instruments that are not re-measured at fair value include accounts receivable, financing receivables, other receivables, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, customer deposits and debt. The carrying values of these financial instruments materially approximate their fair values.
Note 3 – Acquisition
In the second quarter of 2026, Tesla acquired an AI hardware company in an asset acquisition for $1.95 billion in Tesla common stock and equity awards, of which $1.73 billion is subject to certain service conditions and/or performance milestones dependent on the successful deployment of the company's technology and $222 million was allocated to a patent and related developed technology intangible asset. For the three months ended June 30, 2026, no stock-based compensation expense related to the performance-based awards was recognized as the performance conditions were determined to be improbable.
Note 4 – Inventory
Our inventory consisted of the following (in millions):
 	June 30,
2026		December 31,
2025
Raw materials	$	4,704 			$	4,522 	
Work in process	1,764 			1,725 	
Finished goods (1)	5,929 			4,849 	
Service parts	1,355 			1,296 	
Total	$	13,752 			$	12,392 	
 
(1)Finished goods inventory includes products-in-transit to fulfill customer orders, new vehicles, used vehicles and energy products available for sale.
We write-down inventory for any excess or obsolete inventory or when we believe that the net realizable value of inventory is less than the carrying value. During the three and six months ended June 30, 2026, we recorded write-downs of $100 million and $177 million, respectively, in Cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. During the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, we recorded write-downs of $131 million and $210 million, respectively, in Cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations.
17
Table of Contents
Note 5 – Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
Our property, plant and equipment, net, consisted of the following (in millions):
June 30,
2026		December 31,
2025
Machinery, equipment, vehicles and office furniture	$	22,812 			$	20,864 	
Land and buildings	13,263 			11,837 	
AI infrastructure	10,823 			6,816 	
Tooling	4,979 			4,868 	
Leasehold improvements	5,028 			4,439 	
Computer equipment, hardware and software	3,423 			3,206 	
Construction in progress	8,534 			8,786 	
Property, plant and equipment	68,862 			60,816 	
Less: Accumulated depreciation	(21,607)			(20,173)	
Property, plant and equipment, net	$	47,255 			$	40,643 	
 
Construction in progress is primarily comprised of ongoing construction and expansion of our facilities, equipment and tooling related to the manufacturing of our products as well as AI-related assets which have not yet been placed in service.
Depreciation expense during the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 was $1.37 billion and $2.71 billion, respectively. Depreciation expense during the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 was $1.15 billion and $2.30 billion, respectively.
Note 6 – Accrued Liabilities and Other
Our accrued liabilities and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in millions):
June 30,
2026		December 31,
2025
Accrued purchases (1)	$	3,647 			$	2,577 	
Accrued warranty reserve, current portion	2,602 			2,475 	
Customer deposits	1,936 			1,311 	
Payroll and related costs	1,920 			1,907 	
Taxes payable (2)	1,451 			1,594 	
Operating lease liabilities, current portion	1,022 			954 	
Sales return reserve, current portion	653 			529 	
Other current liabilities	2,025 			1,932 	
Total	$	15,256 			$	13,279 	
 
(1)Accrued purchases primarily reflects goods received and services incurred for which we had not yet been invoiced. As we are invoiced for these goods and services, this balance will reduce and accounts payable will increase.
(2)Taxes payable primarily includes value added tax, income tax, sales tax, property tax and use tax payables.
Note 7 – Other Long-Term Liabilities
Our other long-term liabilities consisted of the following (in millions):
June 30,
2026		December 31,
2025
Accrued warranty reserve	$	6,361 			$	6,132 	
Operating lease liabilities	5,716 			5,389 	
Other non-current liabilities	1,506 			1,339 	
Total other long-term liabilities	$	13,583 			$	12,860 	
 
18
Table of Contents
Note 8 – Debt
The following is a summary of our debt and finance leases as of June 30, 2026 (in millions):
 	Net Carrying Value		Unpaid
Principal
Balance		Unused
Committed
Amount (1)		Contractual
Interest Rates		Contractual
Maturity Date
 	Current		Long-Term				
Recourse debt:											 
RCF Credit Agreement	$	— 			$	— 			$	— 			$	5,000 			
Not applicable
January 2028
Other	— 			2 			2 			— 			
5.45-5.75%
March 2030-January 2031
Total recourse debt	— 			2 			2 			5,000 					
Non-recourse debt:											
Automotive Asset-backed Notes	1,240 			1,121 			2,366 			— 			
2.82-5.82%
June 2027-June 2035
China Working Capital Facility	— 			5,888 			5,888 			— 			
2.01-2.11%
September 2026-March 2027 (2)
Energy Asset-backed Notes	90 			610 			708 			— 			
5.08-6.35%
June 2050-May 2052
Cash Equity Debt	10 			100 			116 			— 			
5.25%
July 2034
Total non-recourse debt	1,340 			7,719 			9,078 			— 					
Total debt	1,340 			7,721 			$	9,080 			$	5,000 					
Finance leases	78 			203 									
Total debt and finance leases	$	1,418 			$	7,924 									
 
The following is a summary of our debt and finance leases as of December 31, 2025 (in millions):
Net Carrying Value		Unpaid
Principal
Balance		Unused
Committed
Amount (1)		Contractual
Interest Rates		Contractual
Maturity Date
Current		Long-Term				
Recourse debt:											 
RCF Credit Agreement	$	— 			$	— 			$	— 			$	5,000 			Not applicable		January 2028
Other	1 			2 			3 			— 			
4.70-5.75%
January 2026-January 2031
Total recourse debt	1 			2 			3 			5,000 					
Non-recourse debt:											
Automotive Asset-backed Notes	1,492 			1,745 			3,249 			— 			
2.47-6.57%
October 2026-June 2035
China Working Capital Facility	— 			4,288 			4,288 			1,429 			
2.01-2.11%
March 2026-December 2026 (2)
Energy Asset-backed Notes	55 			337 			397 			— 			
5.08-6.25%
June 2050
Cash Equity Debt	21 			212 			240 			— 			
5.25-5.81%
July 2034-January 2035
Total non-recourse debt	1,568 			6,582 			8,174 			1,429 					
Total debt	1,569 			6,584 			$	8,177 			$	6,429 					
Finance leases	71 			152 									
Total debt and finance leases	$	1,640 			$	6,736 									
 
(1)Refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in our reporting on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 for restrictions on draw-down or use for general corporate purposes with respect to any available committed funds under our debt facilities, as applicable.
(2)As we have the intent and ability to refinance the loan on a long-term basis, we classify it as Debt and finance leases, net of current portion in the consolidated balance sheets.
Recourse debt refers to debt that is recourse to our general assets. Non-recourse debt refers to debt that is recourse to only assets of our subsidiaries. The differences between the unpaid principal balances and the net carrying values are due to debt discounts or deferred issuance costs. As of June 30, 2026, we were in material compliance with all financial debt covenants.
19
Table of Contents
Warehouse Agreement
In the first quarter of 2026, we entered into an uncommitted revolving Loan and Security Agreement (the "Warehouse Agreement") with a syndicate of banks. Under the Warehouse Agreement, we may borrow up to $1.50 billion in total principal amount which is secured by certain financing receivables and/or beneficial interests related to certain leased vehicles. Subject to extension in accordance with the terms of the Warehouse Agreement, the ability to draw under the Warehouse Agreement expires in March 2027, and the maturity date for borrowings is the earlier of the end of the underlying lease and loan terms or March 2034. Amounts drawn under the Warehouse Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to SOFR plus 0.65% to 1.00%. As of June 30, 2026, we have no borrowings outstanding under the Warehouse Agreement.
We are subject to certain conditions and limitations, including advance rate limits, a required reserve account, various performance triggers and excess concentration limits.
Energy Asset-backed Notes
In the second quarter of 2026, we transferred certain financing receivables into a special purpose entity (“SPE”) and issued $348 million in aggregate principal amount of Energy Asset-backed Notes, backed by these financing receivables. The proceeds from issuance, net of debt issuance costs, were $344 million. The SPE is wholly owned by us and is consolidated in the financial statements. The cash flows generated by these financing receivables are used to service the principal and interest payments on the Energy Asset-backed Notes and satisfy the SPE’s expenses, and any remaining cash is distributed to us. The SPE’s assets and cash flows are not available to our other creditors, and the creditors of the SPE, including the Energy Asset-backed Note holders, have no recourse to our other assets.
Note 9 – Equity Incentive Plans
2025 CEO Interim Award
Following the Delaware Supreme Court’s decision reversing the Court of Chancery’s rescission order and reinstating the performance-based stock option award our CEO was granted by the Company on January 21, 2018 (the “2018 CEO Performance Award”), on March 18, 2026 the Court of Chancery entered a final order implementing such reversal. On April 21, 2026 the Board approved the determination that the final order and judgment allowing our CEO to exercise the 2018 CEO Performance Award in full constituted a Tornetta Decision Event (as defined in the restricted stock award granted to our CEO on August 3, 2025 (the “2025 CEO Interim Award”), resulting in the immediate forfeiture of the 96 million shares associated with the 2025 CEO Interim Award. These actions are consistent with the “no double dip” principle, which precludes Mr. Musk from getting a windfall in the event that he may exercise the 2018 CEO Performance Award. No stock-based compensation expense was recognized related to the 2025 CEO Interim Award prior to the forfeiture.
2026 Implementation Agreement
On April 21, 2026 (the “effective date”), the Board approved the Company’s entry into an agreement with our CEO (the “Implementation Agreement”) implementing a process for our CEO’s exercise of the 2018 CEO Performance Award. During the quarter ended June 30, 2026, our CEO exercised approximately 304.0 million of the stock options underlying the 2018 CEO Performance Award and elected to net settle the exercise price of his options, which amounted to approximately 17.5 million shares.
The Implementation Agreement imposed a service-based vesting condition on the restricted shares of common stock (the “Restricted Shares”) issued to our CEO upon exercise of the 2018 CEO Performance Award, requiring him to remain in continuous service as CEO or as an executive officer responsible for product development or operations (as approved by the Board’s disinterested directors) through January 19, 2028 (the “scheduled vesting date”), and commences a five-year holding period on the date the Restricted Shares vest (except in the case of death). The Implementation Agreement also provides for cooperation between the Company and our CEO to create a mutually-agreeable plan to address our CEO’s satisfaction of applicable tax obligations.
We assessed whether there is any incremental fair value that needs to be recognized as a result of the Implementation Agreement. As of the effective date, we determined that the fair value of the original stock option awards immediately before the effective date was greater than the fair value of the Restricted Shares after the effective date. The stock options underlying the 2018 CEO Performance Award were fully vested and their grant-date fair value has already been fully recognized. As such, no incremental stock-based compensation expense will be recorded during the additional service period of the award.
20
Table of Contents
2025 CEO Performance Award
On September 3, 2025 (the “2025 CEO Performance Award Grant Date”), the Board of Directors granted the 2025 CEO Performance Award to our CEO, consisting of approximately 423.7 million shares of performance-based restricted stock to our CEO, which was approved on November 6, 2025 by our shareholders (the “2025 CEO Performance Award Accounting Grant Date”).
Until such time as there are no shares under the 2025 CEO Performance Award that are not earned (the “Unearned Shares”), our CEO’s Unearned Shares will vote proportionately to the votes of all other shares of our capital stock that are present and entitled to vote at any annual or special meeting (or similar action) of our shareholders (including our CEO). Generally, each of the 12 tranches of the 2025 CEO Performance Award will become “Earned Shares” upon our CEO remaining in Eligible Service (as defined below) and the certification by disinterested directors that the following have been achieved: (i) the market capitalization milestone for such tranche and (ii) any one of the twelve operational milestones (clauses (i) and (ii), together the “Performance Milestones”). Our CEO will be able to direct the vote of such Earned Shares.
Tranche #		Number of Shares Subject to Tranche		Market Capitalization Milestones (2)		Operational Milestones		Achievement Status
1		35,311,992		
$2.0 trillion
Achievement of any 1 of the 12 Operational Milestones		-
2		35,311,992		
$2.5 trillion
Achievement of any 2 of the 12 Operational Milestones		-
3		35,311,992		
$3.0 trillion
Achievement of any 3 of the 12 Operational Milestones		-
4		35,311,992		
$3.5 trillion
Achievement of any 4 of the 12 Operational Milestones		-
5		35,311,992		
$4.0 trillion
Achievement of any 5 of the 12 Operational Milestones		-
6		35,311,992		
$4.5 trillion
Achievement of any 6 of the 12 Operational Milestones		-
7		35,311,992		
$5.0 trillion
Achievement of any 7 of the 12 Operational Milestones		-
8		35,311,992		
$5.5 trillion
Achievement of any 8 of the 12 Operational Milestones		-
9		35,311,992		
$6.0 trillion
Achievement of any 9 of the 12 Operational Milestones		-
10		35,311,992		
$6.5 trillion
Achievement of any 10 of the 12 Operational Milestones		-
11		35,311,992		
$7.5 trillion
Achievement of any 11 of the 12 Operational Milestones (1)		-
12		35,311,992		
$8.5 trillion
Achievement of all 12 of the 12 Operational Milestones (1)		-
Total		423,743,904						
 
(1)The 11th and 12th tranches are earned upon the later of (i) the date on which the last Performance Milestone applicable to such tranche is completed and (ii) the date on which the CEO succession framework developed by our CEO is approved by the Board of Directors.
(2)Market capitalization milestones are measured on a trailing average basis over both a six-month period and a 30-day period. Achievement may also be measured over a one-year period in connection with the deemed achievement of certain product goals.
The operational milestones generally required for any shares to become Earned Shares are defined as follows:
Milestone #		Operational Milestones (3)
1		
20 million Tesla vehicles delivered
2		
10 million active FSD subscriptions
3		
1 million bots delivered
4		
1 million Robotaxis in commercial operation
5		
$50 billion of Adjusted EBITDA
6		
$80 billion of Adjusted EBITDA
7		
$130 billion of Adjusted EBITDA
8		
$210 billion of Adjusted EBITDA
9		
$300 billion of Adjusted EBITDA
10		
$400 billion of Adjusted EBITDA (4)
11		
$400 billion of Adjusted EBITDA (4)
12		
$400 billion of Adjusted EBITDA (4)
 
21
Table of Contents
(3)Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders before interest expense, provision (benefit) for income taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment, stock-based compensation and digital assets gains and losses for the four consecutive quarters that immediately precede such determination date.
(4)Meeting the last three Adjusted EBITDA operational milestones requires achieving Adjusted EBITDA of $400 billion in three non-overlapping periods, each made up of four consecutive quarters.
The vesting date for each tranche of shares depends on when such shares become Earned Shares, which is based on the achievement of Performance Milestones. Generally, shares earned prior to the 5th anniversary of the 2025 CEO Performance Award Grant Date vest on the 7.5th anniversary, and shares that are earned after the 5th anniversary of the 2025 CEO Performance Award Grant Date vest on the 10th anniversary (each such 7.5 and 10-year period, a “Post-Milestone Service Period”), in each case our CEO must maintain continued employment either as our CEO or as an executive officer responsible for product development or operations through the applicable Post-Milestone Service Period (“Eligible Service”). Upon vesting, the vested shares will be reduced by an offset amount of $334.09 per share, unless our CEO elects to pay such amounts in cash.
Unearned Shares will be forfeited and returned upon the 10-year anniversary of the 2025 CEO Performance Award Grant Date. Unvested shares (including any Earned Shares that have not vested) will be forfeited upon cessation of Eligible Service. Any stock-based compensation expense related to forfeited shares will be reversed during the period in which such a forfeiture occurs.
Our CEO must hold shares for five years after they become Earned Shares (regardless of whether such Earned Shares vest), subject to exceptions on or after vesting for (i) a change in control, (ii) satisfying taxes due in respect of vesting or (iii) transfers for estate planning purposes that involve a mere change of form or as may be permitted by our disinterested directors in their discretion consistent with our internal policies.
Stock-based compensation expense recognition commences when an operational milestone is considered probable of achievement regardless of the progress made towards achieving the next market capitalization milestone. The probability of meeting an operational milestone is based on a subjective assessment of the product roadmap, regulatory environment, industry and adoption trends, competitive environment, macroeconomic conditions and risks, and our future financial projections, among other estimates and assumptions. These inputs, which are subjective and generally require significant judgment, are based on historical experience, as appropriate, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. As of June 30, 2026, we determined that the operational milestone involving the delivery of 20 million Tesla vehicles is probable over the term of the award based on our current assumptions.
Once an operational milestone is considered probable of achievement, stock-based compensation expense associated with the tranche will be recognized over the relevant Post-Milestone Service Period, which is based on the expected achievement date of the operational milestone. Changes to the expected achievement date of the operational milestone could impact the fair value of the applicable tranche of the award. By design of this award, the recognition period will be approximately 7.5 or 10 years from the 2025 CEO Performance Award Accounting Grant Date. Stock-based compensation expense associated with this award is recorded as Selling, general and administrative expense on our consolidated statement of operations.
As of June 30, 2026, based on our current estimate of the achievement date, we had unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of $9.82 billion for the operational milestone that was considered probable of achievement over the term of the award, which we expect to be recognized over 9.2 years. As of June 30, 2026, we had unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of $105.82 billion to $120.37 billion for the operational milestones that were considered not probable of achievement. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2026, we recorded stock-based compensation expense of $267 million and $527 million, respectively, related to the 2025 CEO Performance Award.
22
Table of Contents
Other Performance-Based Grants
From time to time, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors grants certain employees performance-based restricted stock units and stock options.
As of June 30, 2026, we had unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of $3.63 billion under these grants to purchase or receive an aggregate 19.1 million shares of our common stock. For awards probable of achievement, we estimate the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of $645 million will be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.0 years.
For the three and six months ended June 30, 2026, we recorded $138 million and $274 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to these grants, net of forfeitures. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, we recorded $54 million and $92 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to these grants, net of forfeitures. Stock-based compensation expense related to these grants, net of forfeitures, is recorded primarily in Research and development in the consolidated statements of operations.
Summary Stock-Based Compensation Information
The following table summarizes our stock-based compensation expense by line item in the consolidated statements of operations (in millions):
Three Months Ended June 30,		Six Months Ended June 30,
2026		2025		2026		2025
Cost of revenues	$	258 			$	213 			$	485 			$	422 	
Research and development	487 			298 			908 			575 	
Selling, general and administrative	406 			124 			788 			211 	
Total	$	1,151 			$	635 			$	2,181 			$	1,208 	
 
Note 10 – Income Taxes
During the three months ended June 30, 2026, following the enactment of California Senate Bill 122 (SB 122) into law and based on the relevant weight of positive and negative evidence, including the consideration of our expected California tax liabilities, we concluded that it is more likely than not that our California deferred tax assets, other than research and development tax credits, are realizable. Accordingly, we released the valuation allowance related to these California deferred tax assets. The release of this valuation allowance and an immaterial accrual of pillar two tax resulted in a $274 million income tax benefit that was included in our provision for income taxes for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026.
Our effective tax rate was 15% and 22% for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026, respectively, compared to 23% and 25% for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, respectively. The decreases in our effective tax rates were primarily due to the release of the valuation allowance on our California deferred tax assets other than research and development tax credits and changes in the mix of our jurisdictional earnings, partially offset by the non-deductibility of stock-based compensation expense related to the 2025 CEO Performance Award.
Our effective tax rates for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025 as compared to the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% were primarily impacted by changes in the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets, the mix of our jurisdictional earnings subject to different tax rates, tax deduction limitations on executive compensation expense, and benefits from our U.S. research and development credits and manufacturing production credits.
23
Table of Contents
Note 11 – Commitments and Contingencies
Tariffs
In February 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a ruling invalidating certain tariffs previously imposed under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA). As a result of this ruling, we may be eligible for a refund of tariffs previously paid on imported goods. As the recoverability and timing of any future refund remains uncertain, we will not recognize any receivable nor corresponding offset to expense or asset until such amounts are realized or realizable. We continue to monitor these developments and their potential impact on our results of operations, including reduction of revenue for any future potential refunds to certain energy storage customers for which a contractual obligation exists.
Legal Proceedings
Certain Derivative Lawsuits in Delaware
Before converting from a Delaware to Texas corporation on June 13, 2024, three separate derivative actions brought by purported Tesla stockholders were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery on May 24, June 10 and June 13, 2024, purportedly on behalf of Tesla, against current and former directors regarding topics involving Elon Musk and others, X Corp. (formerly Twitter) and xAI. These suits asserted various claims, including breach of fiduciary duty and breach of contract, and sought unspecified damages and other relief. On August 6, 2024, the plaintiffs in these three actions moved to consolidate the matters into a single case. The Court consolidated two of the three cases. Tesla and the directors filed motions to dismiss, and oral argument on those motions occurred on October 22, 2025. On April 2, 2026, these cases were reassigned to a different judge. On April 13, 2026, the Court granted Tesla’s motions to dismiss and dismissed the cases. In May 2026, plaintiffs in the consolidated and coordinated cases appealed to the Delaware Supreme Court the decision granting Tesla’s motion to dismiss.
Litigation and Investigations Relating to Alleged Discrimination and Harassment
We are also subject to various lawsuits that assert claims related to alleged discrimination and harassment. For example, on February 9, 2022, the California Civil Rights Department (“CRD,” formerly “DFEH”) filed a civil complaint against Tesla in Alameda County, California Superior Court, alleging systemic race discrimination, hostile work environment and pay equity claims, among others. CRD’s amended complaint seeks monetary damages and injunctive relief. The first phase of the trial is currently set for September 21, 2026. Additionally, on June 1, 2022, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”) issued a cause finding against Tesla that closely parallels the CRD’s allegations. On September 28, 2023, the EEOC filed a civil complaint against Tesla in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California asserting claims for race harassment and retaliation and seeking, among other things, monetary and injunctive relief. The case is in discovery with no trial date set.
The Company intends to vigorously defend itself in these matters; however, we cannot predict the outcome or impact. We are unable to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss, if any, associated with these claims, unless noted.
Other Litigation Related to Our Products and Services
We are also subject to various lawsuits that seek monetary and other injunctive relief. These lawsuits include proposed class actions and other consumer claims that allege, among other things, purported defects and misrepresentations related to our products and services. For example, on September 14, 2022, a proposed class action was filed against Tesla, Inc. and related entities in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, alleging various claims about the Company’s driver assistance technology systems under state and federal law. This case was later consolidated with several other proposed class actions, and a Consolidated Amended Complaint was filed on October 28, 2022, which seeks damages and other relief on behalf of all persons who purchased or leased from Tesla between January 1, 2016, to the present. On March 22, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a motion for a preliminary injunction alleging that Tesla made certain statements regarding the capabilities of Full Self-Driving Capability and seeking various forms of injunction relief, and on September 30, 2023, the Court denied the plaintiffs’ motion, compelled four of five plaintiffs to arbitration, and dismissed the claims of the fifth plaintiff with leave to amend the complaint. On October 31, 2023, the remaining plaintiff filed an amended complaint, which Tesla moved to dismiss, and on May 15, 2024, the Court granted in part and denied in part Tesla’s motion. On May 6, 2025, the plaintiff filed a motion for class certification, which Tesla opposed, and on August 18, 2025, the Court certified a limited class comprised of California consumers who are not subject to an arbitration agreement. On September 1, 2025, Tesla filed a petition in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit for permission to appeal the class certification order, and on December 18, 2025, the Ninth Circuit granted Tesla’s petition. On January 5, 2026, the district court stayed the case pending resolution of the proceedings before the Ninth Circuit. The appeal has been fully briefed by the parties, and oral argument is set for August 31, 2026.
24
Table of Contents
On August 4, 2025, a proposed class action was filed in the U.S. District Court Western District of Texas against Tesla, Inc., Elon Musk, and certain current and former Company executives. The complaint alleges that the defendants violated federal securities laws through alleged material misrepresentations in public filings regarding the effectiveness of Autopilot, Full-Self Driving (Supervised), and Robotaxi. The complaint seeks monetary damages and other relief on behalf of persons who purchased Tesla stock between April 19, 2023, and June 22, 2025. The plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on February 17, 2026, and Tesla moved to dismiss the amended complaint on April 20, 2026. The plaintiffs filed a response to the motion to dismiss on June 22, 2026.
On June 4, 2026, a proposed class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against Tesla, Inc. and related entities. The complaint alleges that Tesla made certain statements regarding the capabilities of its driver assistance technology systems. The complaint seeks damages and other relief on behalf of certain consumers who purchased or leased a Tesla vehicle.
The Company intends to vigorously defend itself in these matters; however, we cannot predict the outcome or impact. We are unable to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss, if any, associated with these claims, unless noted.
Benavides v. Tesla, Inc.
On August 1, 2025, a jury in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida reached a verdict in a product liability trial relating to certain allegations regarding the use of our Autopilot technology in a 2019 accident that resulted in a fatality and injuries. The jury awarded $129 million in total compensatory damages, finding the driver 67% at fault and the Company 33% at fault. The jury also awarded $200 million in punitive damages. On September 15, 2025, the Company filed a post-trial motion for judgment as a matter of law or, in the alternative, a new trial on all issues or an amended judgment to lesser compensatory and punitive damages. On February 19, 2026, the Court denied the Company’s post-trial motions, and on July 2, 2026, the Company filed its opening brief with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. Although we believe that the facts and law do not justify the damages awarded, the Company has recorded an immaterial accrual.
We have experienced, and we expect to continue to face, claims and regulatory scrutiny arising from or related to misuse or claimed failures or alleged misrepresentations of new technologies that we are pioneering. We are unable to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss, if any, associated with these claims, unless noted. An unfavorable outcome in some or all of these proceedings could have a material adverse impact on results of operations or cash flows for a particular period. Our view of these matters is subject to inherent uncertainties and may change in the future.
Certain Investigations and Other Matters
We regularly receive requests for information, including subpoenas, from regulators and governmental authorities such as the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the National Transportation Safety Board, the SEC, the Department of Justice (“DOJ”), and various local, state, federal, and international agencies. The ongoing requests for information include topics such as operations, technology (e.g., vehicle functionality, vehicle incidents, Autopilot and FSD Capability and Robotaxi), compliance, finance, data privacy, and other matters related to Tesla’s business, its personnel, and related parties. We routinely cooperate with such formal and informal requests for information, investigations, and other inquiries. To our knowledge no government agency in any ongoing investigation has concluded that any wrongdoing occurred. We cannot predict the outcome or impact of any ongoing matters. Should the government decide to pursue an enforcement action, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, prospects, cash flows, financial position or brand.
We are also subject to various other legal proceedings, risks and claims that arise from the normal course of business activities. If an unfavorable ruling or development were to occur in these or other possible legal proceedings, risks and claims, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, prospects, cash flows, financial position or brand.
25
Table of Contents
Note 12 – Variable Interest Entity Arrangements
The aggregate carrying values of the variable interest entities’ assets and liabilities, after elimination of any intercompany transactions and balances, in the consolidated balance sheets were as follows (in millions):
June 30,
2026		December 31,
2025
Assets	 		 
Current assets	 		 
Cash and cash equivalents	$	85 			$	109 	
Accounts receivable, net	67 			11 	
Prepaid expenses and other current assets	271 			198 	
Total current assets	423 			318 	
Operating lease vehicles, net	370 			456 	
Energy generation and storage systems, net	2,087 			2,177 	
Other non-current assets	432 			183 	
Total assets	$	3,312 			$	3,134 	
Liabilities	 		 
Current liabilities	 		 
Accrued liabilities and other	$	48 			$	49 	
Deferred revenue	6 			6 	
Current portion of debt and finance leases	1,163 			1,364 	
Total current liabilities	1,217 			1,419 	
Deferred revenue, net of current portion	55 			60 	
Debt and finance leases, net of current portion	1,341 			1,679 	
Total liabilities	$	2,613 			$	3,158 	
 
Note 13 – Related Party Transactions
Tesla periodically does business with certain entities with which its CEO and directors are affiliated, such as SpaceX, The Boring Company and Redwood Materials, in accordance with our Related Person Transactions Policy. In the three and six months ended June 30, 2026, we recognized $318 million and $405 million of revenues, respectively, and $242 million and $307 million of cost of revenues, respectively, from SpaceX for its purchase of our Megapack products in the ordinary course of business. Other transactions with SpaceX and other related parties in the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 were immaterial. Transactions with related parties were immaterial for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025.
Upon receiving the applicable regulatory approvals, the Company invested $2.00 billion in SpaceX common stock (formerly a preferred share investment in xAI) representing an ownership interest of less than 1% in March 2026. We have determined that under the applicable accounting standards, we are presumed to have significant influence over SpaceX and as such, we account for this investment using the equity method of accounting. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, regarding the fair value policy election in relation to the equity investment and Note 2, Fair Value of Financial Instruments, for the gain recognized on our SpaceX equity investment.
26
Table of Contents
Note 14 – Segment Reporting and Information about Geographic Areas
We have two operating and reportable segments: (i) automotive and (ii) energy generation and storage. The following table presents revenues, cost of revenues and gross profit by reportable segment (in millions):
Three Months Ended June 30,		Six Months Ended June 30,
2026		2025		2026		2025
Automotive segment	 		 				
Revenues	$	25,097 			$	19,707 			$	45,076 			$	36,312 	
Cost of revenues (1)	$	20,986 			$	16,675 			$	37,197 			$	30,912 	
Gross profit	$	4,111 			$	3,032 			$	7,879 			$	5,400 	
Energy generation and storage segment	 		 				
Revenues	$	3,139 			$	2,789 			$	5,547 			$	5,519 	
Cost of revenues (2)	$	2,499 			$	1,943 			$	3,955 			$	3,888 	
Gross profit	$	640 			$	846 			$	1,592 			$	1,631 	
 
(1)Depreciation and amortization included in Cost of revenues for the automotive segment for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 was $927 million and $1.94 billion, respectively. Depreciation and amortization included in Cost of revenues for the automotive segment for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 was $891 million and $1.84 billion, respectively.
(2)Depreciation and amortization included in Cost of revenues for the energy generation and storage segment for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 was $97 million and $192 million, respectively. Depreciation and amortization included in Cost of revenues for the energy generation and storage segment for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 was $87 million and $170 million, respectively.
The following table presents revenues by geographic area based on the sales location of our products (in millions):
Three Months Ended June 30,		Six Months Ended June 30,
2026		2025		2026		2025
United States	$	13,208 			$	11,809 			$	23,885 			$	22,142 	
China	4,675 			4,305 			8,859 			8,608 	
Other international	10,353 			6,382 			17,879 			11,081 	
Total	$	28,236 			$	22,496 			$	50,623 			$	41,831 	
 
The following table presents long-lived assets by geographic area (in millions):
June 30,
2026		December 31,
2025
United States	$	42,213 			$	35,847 	
Other international	9,552 			9,400 	
Total	$	51,765 			$	45,247 	
 
The following table presents inventory by reportable segment (in millions):
June 30,
2026		December 31,
2025
Automotive	$	9,637 			$	9,678 	
Energy generation and storage	4,115 			2,714 	
Total	$	13,752 			$	12,392 	
 
27
Table of Contents
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Overview
We are focused on bringing artificial intelligence into the real world, through products and services like FSD (Supervised) and Robotaxi, as well as working to develop and commercialize AI robots (including Optimus). We intend to leverage our current operations, in which we design, develop, manufacture, sell and lease high-performance fully electric vehicles and energy generation and storage systems that increasingly deliver AI-related and enhanced software and services to our customers, to achieve that objective.
As a result of rapidly evolving trade and fiscal policy and geopolitical conflicts, uncertainty in the automotive and energy markets continues, posing risks to our global supply chain and cost structure which could have a meaningfully adverse impact on demand for our products and our profitability. The current tariff regime will have a relatively larger impact on our energy generation and storage business compared to our automotive business. While we prepare for near-term challenges to our business under current policies, we are focused on long-term growth opportunities as we continue to further vertically integrate and localize our supply chain and make prudent investments in infrastructure.
In 2026, we produced approximately 860 thousand consumer vehicles and delivered approximately 838 thousand consumer vehicles through the second quarter. We are focused on profitable growth and scale, further improving and deploying our FSD (Supervised) capabilities, including future autonomous capabilities through our purpose-built Robotaxi product, Cybercab, advancing our battery and AI compute technologies and expanding our global infrastructure. We have continued to expand and refine our Robotaxi service after its June 2025 launch, capitalizing on our AI investments and scalable mobility infrastructure to advance a service-driven business model.
In 2026, we deployed 22.3 GWh of energy storage products through the second quarter. We are focused on ramping the production, increasing the market penetration of our energy storage products and developing our solar manufacturing and battery technologies.
During the three and six months ended June 30, 2026, we recognized total revenues of $28.24 billion and $50.62 billion, respectively, representing increases of $5.74 billion and $8.79 billion, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. During the three and six months ended June 30, 2026, our net income attributable to common stockholders was $1.11 billion and $1.59 billion, respectively, representing a decrease of $58 million and an increase of $10 million, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. We continue to ramp production and build and optimize our manufacturing capacity, expand our operations while focusing on further cost reductions and operational efficiencies, including through vertical integration of our battery and semiconductor supply chains, to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products. We are also investing heavily in research and development to accelerate our AI, software and fleet-based profits for further revenue growth, which will negatively impact our profitability during this phase.
We ended the second quarter of 2026 with $43.52 billion in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, representing a decrease of $535 million from the end of 2025. Our cash flows provided by operating activities were $8.63 billion during the six months ended June 30, 2026, compared to $4.70 billion during the same period ended June 30, 2025, representing an increase of $3.94 billion. Capital expenditures amounted to $8.28 billion during the six months ended June 30, 2026, compared to $3.89 billion during the same period ended June 30, 2025, representing an increase of $4.40 billion. Overall growth has allowed our business to generally fund itself. As we make critical high-value investments in our AI initiatives and expand manufacturing capabilities, including for our semiconductor, Optimus and solar operations, we intend to manage the business such that we maintain a strong balance sheet and sufficient liquidity, which may include additional funding.
28
Table of Contents
Management Opportunities, Challenges and Uncertainties and 2026 Outlook
Automotive and AI Enabled Products—Production
We are focused on growing and optimizing our manufacturing capacity, which includes capacity for manufacturing newer vehicle models and future vehicles utilizing aspects of our next generation platform, while maximizing production rate and efficiency at our Gigafactories. The next phase of production growth will be initiated by advances in autonomy and the introduction of new products, including those built on our next generation vehicle platform, as well as our ability to efficiently manufacture and rapidly scale our own cells that we are developing to have high-volume output, lower capital and production costs and longer range. In the first half of 2026, we made significant progress towards these objectives as we began production of Cybercab, as well as ramps across our new battery and material factories, including cathode material and lithium refining in Texas. Our goals are to improve vehicle performance, decrease production costs and increase affordability and customer awareness. We are also capitalizing on our strengths in real-world AI data to advance the development of Optimus, a general purpose, autonomous humanoid robot, as we make preparations and investments in large-scale production.
These plans are subject to uncertainties inherent in establishing and ramping manufacturing operations, which may be exacerbated by new product and manufacturing technologies we introduce, the number of concurrent international projects, any industry-wide component constraints, labor shortages and any future impact from events outside of our control. For example, changes to fiscal and trade policy with respect to tariffs, export controls and other restrictions may impact our global supply chain cost structure and availability, affecting not only vehicle production, but also facility expansions. Moreover, we have set ambitious technological targets with our plans for battery cells as well as for iterative manufacturing and design improvements for our vehicles.
Automotive and AI Enabled Products—Demand, Sales and Deliveries and Supporting Infrastructure
Our cost reduction efforts, cost innovation strategies, and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles’ affordability and have allowed us to competitively price our vehicles. We will also continue to generate demand by improving our vehicles’ performance and functionality, including through product offerings and features utilizing artificial intelligence such as FSD (Supervised) and other software, and delivering new vehicles and vehicle options. In addition, we believe the launch of our Robotaxi service unlocks the potential for significant business growth to advance a service-driven business model. We will continue to improve safety and profitability while scaling the network. In addition, we have been increasing awareness, and expanding our vehicle financing programs, including attractive leasing terms for our customers. We will also continue to work on developing our robotics offerings.
However, we operate in a cyclical industry that is sensitive to shifting consumer trends, geopolitical conflicts, political and regulatory uncertainty, including with respect to trade and the environment, all of which can be compounded by inflationary pressures, rising energy prices, interest rate fluctuations and the liquidity of enterprise customers. For example, as inflationary pressures increased across the markets in which we operate, central banks in developed countries raised interest rates rapidly and substantially, which impacted the affordability of vehicle lease and finance arrangements. Further, sales of vehicles in the automotive industry also tend to be cyclical in many markets, which may expose us to increased volatility as we expand and adjust our operations. Moreover, as additional competitors enter the marketplace and help bring the world closer to sustainable transportation, we will have to adjust and continue to execute well to maintain our momentum. Additionally, our suppliers’ liquidity and allocation plans may be affected by current challenges in the automotive industry, which could reduce our access to components or result in unfavorable changes to cost. These macroeconomic and industry trends have had, and will likely continue to have, an impact on the pricing of, and order rate for our vehicles, and in turn our operating margin.
Changes in government and economic policies, incentives or tariffs may also impact our production, cost structure and the competitive landscape. For instance, while the final scope and application of recently announced changes in trade policy remain uncertain at this time, tariffs on imports and subsequent retaliatory tariffs could impact consumer spending and demand for durable goods and related services. We will continue to adjust accordingly to such developments, and we believe our ongoing cost reduction efforts, including through production innovation, process improvements and logistics optimization, and focus on operating leverage, vertical integration and supply chain localization will continue to benefit us in relation to our competitors. Our new products, production capacity, infrastructure investments and advances in autonomy and robotics, position us for future growth.
29
Table of Contents
As our vehicle production increases, we must work constantly to similarly increase vehicle delivery capability so that it does not become a bottleneck on our total deliveries. As we expand our manufacturing operations and vehicle lineup globally, we will also have to continue to increase and staff our delivery, servicing and charging infrastructure accordingly, maintain our vehicle reliability and optimize our Supercharger locations to ensure cost effectiveness and customer satisfaction. In particular, as other automotive manufacturers have announced their adoption of NACS and agreements with us to utilize our Superchargers, we must correspondingly expand our network in order to ensure adequate availability to meet customer demands. We have also begun deploying public Megachargers in preparation for the production of Tesla Semi. In addition, we remain focused on continued enhancements of the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations. In tandem with the launch of our Robotaxi business, we are focused on developing and optimizing dedicated infrastructure, including in relation to vehicle cleaning and maintenance, charging, security, teleoperations and fleet management, to ensure service quality as we continue to scale.
Energy Generation and Storage Demand, Production and Deployment
The long-term success of this business is dependent upon incremental volume growth. We continue to increase the production and capabilities of our energy storage products to meet high levels of demand, including the ramps of our Megafactories in Shanghai and Lathrop, California, and the construction of a new Megafactory near Houston, Texas. In 2025, we introduced Megapack 3 and Megablock, our next-generation industrial storage product, and began manufacturing a new residential retrofit solar panel. For Megapack, energy storage deployments can vary meaningfully quarter to quarter depending on the timing of specific project milestones and logistics. As these product lines grow, we will have to maintain adequate battery cell supply for our energy storage products. At the same time, changes in government and economic incentives or tariffs may also impact our sales, cost structure and the competitive landscape. For instance, import tariffs by the US government and the provisions of the OBBBA could significantly increase battery cell expenses and impact costs for our consumers, negatively impacting consumer demand. Despite these challenges, as AI infrastructure drives rapid load growth, we see opportunities for our energy storage products to stabilize the grid, shift energy when it is needed most and provide additional power capacity.
Infrastructure
To support our businesses in clean energy and transport and autonomous robots, we are investing in and developing the necessary infrastructure. We continue to expand Cortex, our onsite training clusters at Gigafactory Texas, to provide sufficient compute resources for the development of our AI products and services, and are expanding our scope of manufacturing to include semiconductor and solar fabrication. We are focused on exploring opportunities independently and with strategic partners to develop bespoke and scalable solutions, including through vertical integration, to optimize for cost, functionality, efficiency and safety.
Cash Flow and Capital Expenditure Trends
Our capital expenditures are typically difficult to project beyond the short-term given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time, and may further be impacted by uncertainties in future global market conditions and shifting global trade and fiscal policy. We are simultaneously developing and ramping new products, building or ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents, piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell technologies, expanding our Supercharger network and investing in autonomy, robotics and other artificial intelligence enabled training and products and its supporting infrastructure, and the pace of our capital spend may vary depending on overall priority among projects, the pace at which we meet milestones, production adjustments to and among our various products, increased capital efficiencies and the addition of new projects. We are focused on long-term growth opportunities through critical, high-value investments. We currently expect our capital expenditures to be in excess of $25 billion in 2026, driven by our AI initiatives, including investments in compute infrastructure and data centers, the expansion and ramp of our manufacturing and R&D production lines and facilities, and growth in our fleet of company-operated AI-enabled assets and our retail, service and charging footprint. We believe this strategy will position our Company for further growth as we make investments in a capital efficient manner.
Our business has generally been consistently generating cash flow from operations in excess of our level of capital spend, and with better working capital management resulting in shorter days sales outstanding than days payable outstanding, our sales growth is also generally facilitating positive cash generation. We have and will continue to utilize such cash flows, among other things, to invest in autonomy and robotics, further vertically integrate our supply chain, expand our product roadmap and provide financing options to our customers. At the same time, periods of heightened levels of capital expenditures due to capital-intensive projects and other potential variables such as rising material prices and increases in supply chain and labor expenses resulting from changes in global trade conditions and labor availability, will necessitate additional funding beyond our operating cash flow.
30
Table of Contents
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
For a description of our critical accounting policies and estimates, refer to Part II, Item 7, Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Results of Operations
Revenues
 	Three Months Ended June 30,	Change		Six Months Ended June 30,		Change
(Dollars in millions)	2026		2025		$		%		2026		2025		$		%
Automotive sales	$	20,006 			$	15,787 			$	4,219 			27 	%		$	35,479 			$	28,712 			$	6,767 			24 	%
Automotive regulatory credits	146 			439 			(293)			(67)	%		526 			1,034 			(508)			(49)	%
Automotive leasing	364 			435 			(71)			(16)	%		745 			882 			(137)			(16)	%
Total automotive revenues	20,516 			16,661 			3,855 			23 	%		36,750 			30,628 			6,122 			20 	%
Services and other	4,581 			3,046 			1,535 			50 	%		8,326 			5,684 			2,642 			46 	%
Total automotive & services and other segment revenue	25,097 			19,707 			5,390 			27 	%		45,076 			36,312 			8,764 			24 	%
Energy generation and storage segment revenue	3,139 			2,789 			350 			13 	%		5,547 			5,519 			28 			1 	%
Total revenues	$	28,236 			$	22,496 			$	5,740 			26 	%		$	50,623 			$	41,831 			$	8,792 			21 	%
 
Automotive & Services and Other Segment
Automotive sales revenue increased $4.22 billion, or 27%, in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025, due to an increase of approximately 25% in cash deliveries.
Automotive sales revenue increased $6.77 billion, or 24%, in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2025, due to an increase of approximately 18% in cash deliveries, in part from bringing down all of our vehicle factories simultaneously for the changeover to the New Model Y in the prior period. Additionally, there was a higher average selling price per unit primarily driven by sales mix and a positive impact from the weakening of the United States dollar when compared to foreign currencies year over year and an increase from higher revenue from FSD (Supervised) subscriptions in the current period.
Automotive regulatory credits revenue decreased $293 million, or 67%, in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025. Automotive regulatory credits revenue decreased $508 million, or 49%, in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2025. Fluctuations in automotive regulatory credits are impacted by our supply of credits, subject to changes in regulation, production and sales. Recent governmental and regulatory actions have restricted certain regulatory credit programs tied to our products. Furthermore, we are impacted by the demand for credits by other automobile manufacturers.
Services and other revenue increased $1.54 billion, or 50%, in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025. Services and other revenue increased $2.64 billion, or 46%, in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2025. These increases were primarily due to increases in used vehicle sales volume and average selling price, non-warranty maintenance services and collision revenue and paid Supercharging sessions.
Energy Generation and Storage Segment
Energy generation and storage revenue increased $350 million, or 13%, in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025, primarily due to an increase in Megapack deployments, partially offset by a lower average selling price per Megapack unit and a decrease in Powerwall deployments.
31
Table of Contents
Cost of Revenues and Gross Margin
Three Months Ended June 30,		Change		Six Months Ended June 30,		Change
(Dollars in millions)	2026		2025		$		%		2026		2025		$		%
Cost of revenues															
Automotive sales	$	16,866 			$	13,567 			$	3,299 			24 	%		$	29,482 			$	25,028 			$	4,454 			18 	%
Automotive leasing	187 			228 			(41)			(18)	%		383 			467 			(84)			(18)	%
Total automotive cost of revenues	17,053 			13,795 			3,258 			24 	%		29,865 			25,495 			4,370 			17 	%
Services and other	3,933 			2,880 			1,053 			37 	%		7,332 			5,417 			1,915 			35 	%
Total automotive & services and other segment cost of revenues	20,986 			16,675 			4,311 			26 	%		37,197 			30,912 			6,285 			20 	%
Energy generation and storage segment	2,499 			1,943 			556 			29 	%		3,955 			3,888 			67 			2 	%
Total cost of revenues	$	23,485 			$	18,618 			$	4,867 			26 	%		$	41,152 			$	34,800 			$	6,352 			18 	%
Gross profit total automotive	$	3,463 			$	2,866 							$	6,885 			$	5,133 					
Gross margin total automotive	16.9 	%		17.2 	%						18.7 	%		16.8 	%				
Gross profit total automotive & services and other segment	$	4,111 			$	3,032 							$	7,879 			$	5,400 					
Gross margin total automotive & services and other segment	16.4 	%		15.4 	%						17.5 	%		14.9 	%				
Gross profit energy generation and storage segment	$	640 			$	846 							$	1,592 			$	1,631 					
Gross margin energy generation and storage segment	20.4 	%		30.3 	%						28.7 	%		29.6 	%				
Total gross profit	$	4,751 			$	3,878 							$	9,471 			$	7,031 					
Total gross margin	16.8 	%		17.2 	%						18.7 	%		16.8 	%				
 
Automotive & Services and Other Segment
Cost of automotive sales revenue increased $3.30 billion, or 24%, in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025, due to the increase in deliveries year over year as discussed above.
Cost of automotive sales revenue increased $4.45 billion, or 18%, in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2025, due to the increase in deliveries year over year as discussed above. Average cost per unit was relatively consistent due to unfavorable sales mix and a negative impact from the weakening of the United States dollar when compared to foreign currencies year over year, offset by favorable impacts related to warranty adjustments and tariffs.
Cost of services and other revenue increased $1.05 billion, or 37%, in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025. Cost of services and other revenue increased $1.92 billion, or 35%, in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2025. These increases were primarily due to increases in used vehicle sales volume, cost related to non-warranty maintenance services and collision revenue and cost of paid Supercharging sessions.
Gross margin for total automotive decreased from 17.2% to 16.9% in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025. Gross margin for total automotive increased from 16.8% to 18.7% in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2025. The fluctuations are primarily due to the changes in automotive sales revenue and cost of automotive sales revenue and a decrease in regulatory credits revenue, as discussed above.
32
Table of Contents
Gross margin for total automotive & services and other segment increased from 15.4% to 16.4% in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025. Gross margin for total automotive & services and other segment increased from 14.9% to 17.5% in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2025. The changes in gross margin were primarily due to the changes in automotive sales gross margin, as discussed above, as well as from an improvement in services and other gross margin.
Energy Generation and Storage Segment
Cost of energy generation and storage revenue increased $556 million, or 29%, in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025, primarily due to the deployment fluctuations as discussed above, as well as an increase in average cost per MWh primarily driven by sales mix and unfavorable warranty adjustments.
Gross margin for energy generation and storage decreased from 30.3% to 20.4% in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025. The decrease was primarily due to the changes in energy generation and storage revenue and cost of energy generation and storage revenue, as discussed above.
Research and Development Expense
Three Months Ended June 30,	Change		Six Months Ended June 30,		Change
(Dollars in millions)	2026		2025		$		%		2026		2025		$		%
Research and development	$	2,371 			$	1,589 			$	782 			49 	%		$	4,317 			$	2,998 			$	1,319 			44 	%
As a percentage of revenues	8 	%		7 	%						9 	%		7 	%				
 
Research and development (“R&D”) expenses increased $782 million, or 49%, in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025. R&D expenses increased $1.32 billion, or 44%, in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2025. These increases were primarily due to increases in costs related to AI and other programs as we continue to expand our product roadmap and technologies and increases in stock-based compensation of $189 million and $334 million, respectively.
R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue increased from 7% to 8% in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025. R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue increased from 7% to 9% in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2025. These increases were primarily due to higher R&D expenses and increases in total revenues in the current periods.
Selling, General and Administrative Expense
Three Months Ended June 30,		Change		Six Months Ended June 30,		Change
(Dollars in millions)	2026		2025		$		%		2026		2025		$		%
Selling, general and administrative	$	1,982 			$	1,366 			$	616 			45 	%		$	3,815 			$	2,617 			$	1,198 			46 	%
As a percentage of revenues	7 	%		6 	%						8 	%		6 	%				
 
Selling, general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses increased $616 million, or 45%, in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025, driven by a $283 million increase in stock-based compensation primarily related to the 2025 CEO Performance Award, a $134 million increase in employee and labor costs, including professional services, a $109 million increase in operating expenses including litigation related expenses and a $68 million increase in facilities related expenses.
SG&A expenses increased $1.20 billion, or 46%, in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2025, driven by a $577 million increase in stock-based compensation primarily related to the 2025 CEO Performance Award, a $273 million increase in employee and labor costs, including professional services, a $196 million increase in operating expenses including litigation related expenses and a $131 million increase in facilities related expenses.
33
Table of Contents
Interest Income
Three Months Ended June 30,		Change		Six Months Ended June 30,		Change
(Dollars in millions)	2026		2025		$		%		2026		2025		$		%
Interest income	$	422 			$	392 			$	30 			8 	%		$	856 			$	792 			$	64 			8 	%
 
Interest income increased $30 million, or 8%, in the three months ended June 30, 2026 and increased $64 million, or 8%, in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, respectively. The increases were primarily due to higher interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments due to an increase in our average portfolio balance, partially offset by a lower average interest rate.
Other Income, Net
Three Months Ended June 30,		Change		Six Months Ended June 30,		Change
(Dollars in millions)	2026		2025		$		%		2026		2025		$		%
Other income, net	$	590 			$	320 			$	270 			84 	%		$	55 			$	201 			$	(146)			(73)	%
 
Other income, net, changed favorably by $270 million in the three months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025. Other income, net, changed unfavorably by $146 million in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2025. The changes were primarily due to a mark-to-market gain on our SpaceX equity investment, which we entered into in March 2026, and adjustments on our bitcoin digital assets, as well as fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our intercompany balances. As our intercompany balances are significant in nature and we do not typically hedge foreign currency risk, we can experience significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rate gains and losses from period to period.
Provision for Income Taxes
Three Months Ended June 30,		Change		Six Months Ended June 30,		Change
(Dollars in millions)	2026		2025		$		%		2026		2025		$		%
Provision for income taxes	$	201 			$	359 			$	(158)			(44)	%		$	458 			$	528 			$	(70)			(13)	%
Effective tax rate	15 	%		23 	%						22 	%		25 	%				
 
During the three months ended June 30, 2026, following the enactment of California Senate Bill 122 (SB 122) into law and based on the relevant weight of positive and negative evidence, including the consideration of our expected California tax liabilities, we concluded that it is more likely than not that our California deferred tax assets, other than research and development tax credits, are realizable. Accordingly, we released the valuation allowance related to these California deferred tax assets. The release of this valuation allowance and an immaterial accrual of pillar two tax resulted in a $274 million income tax benefit that was included in our provision for income taxes for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026.
Our provision for income taxes decreased by $158 million in the three months ended June 30, 2026 and by $70 million in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, respectively. Our effective tax rate decreased from 23% to 15% in the three months ended June 30, 2026 and from 25% to 22% in the six months ended June 30, 2026 as compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, respectively. The decreases in our provision for income taxes and effective tax rates were primarily due to the release of the valuation allowance on our California deferred tax assets other than research and development tax credits and changes in the mix of our jurisdictional earnings, partially offset by the non-deductibility of stock-based compensation expense related to the 2025 CEO Performance Award.
See Note 10, Income Taxes, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details.
34
Table of Contents
Liquidity and Capital Resources
We generally expect to continue to generate net positive operating cash flow. The cash we generate from our core operations enables us to fund ongoing operations and production, our research and development projects for new products and technologies including our proprietary battery cells, additional manufacturing ramps at existing manufacturing facilities, the construction of future factories, and the continued expansion of our retail and service locations, body shops, Mobile Service fleet, Supercharger, energy product installation capabilities and autonomy and other artificial intelligence enabled products.
In addition, because a large portion of our future expenditures will be to fund our growth, we expect that if needed we will be able to adjust our capital and operating expenditures by operating segment. For example, if our near-term manufacturing operations decrease in scale or ramp more slowly than expected, including due to global economic, tax, trade or business conditions, we may choose to correspondingly slow the pace of our capital expenditures. Finally, we continually evaluate our cash needs and the evolving nature of our business and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid growth of our business, including through drawdowns on existing or new debt facilities or financing funds. Conversely, we may also from time to time determine that it is in our best interests to voluntarily repay certain indebtedness early.
Accordingly, we believe that our current and potential sources of funding will provide us with adequate liquidity during the 12-month period following June 30, 2026, as well as in the long-term.
See the sections below for more details regarding the material requirements for cash in our business and our sources of liquidity to meet such needs.
Material Cash Requirements
From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with vendors for the purchase of components and raw materials to be used in the manufacture of our products. However, due to contractual terms, variability in the precise growth curves of our development and production ramps, and opportunities to renegotiate pricing, we generally do not have binding and enforceable purchase orders under such contracts beyond the short-term, and the timing and magnitude of purchase orders beyond such period is difficult to accurately project.
As discussed in and subject to the considerations referenced in Part I, Item 2, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Management Opportunities, Challenges and Uncertainties and 2026 Outlook—Cash Flow and Capital Expenditure Trends in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we currently expect our capital expenditures to be in excess of $25 billion in 2026 driven by our AI initiatives, including investments in compute infrastructure and data centers, the expansion and ramp of our manufacturing and R&D production lines and facilities, and growth in our fleet of company-operated AI-enabled assets and our retail, service and charging footprint. Changes in trade policy may necessitate adjustments to our project timelines, potentially impacting our capital expenditure expectations.
As of June 30, 2026, we and our subsidiaries had outstanding $9.08 billion in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness, of which $1.35 billion is current. For details regarding our indebtedness, refer to Note 8, Debt, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Sources and Conditions of Liquidity
Our sources to fund our material cash requirements are predominantly from our deliveries and servicing of new and used vehicles, deployments and servicing of our energy storage products, interest income, and proceeds from debt facilities and equity offerings, when applicable.
As of June 30, 2026, we had $15.22 billion and $28.31 billion of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, respectively. Balances held in foreign currencies had a U.S. dollar equivalent of $3.80 billion and consisted primarily of euros and Chinese yuan. We had $5.00 billion of unused committed credit amounts as of June 30, 2026. For details regarding our indebtedness, refer to Note 8, Debt, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
We continue adapting our strategy to meet our liquidity and risk objectives, such as investing in U.S. government securities and other investments, investing in autonomy, further vertically integrating our supply chain, expanding our product roadmap and providing financing options to our customers.
35
Table of Contents
Summary of Cash Flows
 	Six Months Ended June 30,
(Dollars in millions)	2026		2025
Net cash provided by operating activities
$	8,634 			$	4,696 	
Net cash used in investing activities
$	(10,951)			$	(4,595)	
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
$	1,209 			$	(554)	
 
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $3.94 billion to $8.63 billion during the six months ended June 30, 2026 from $4.70 billion during the six months ended June 30, 2025. This increase was primarily due to favorable changes in net operating assets and liabilities of $3.01 billion and an increase in net income excluding non-cash expenses, gains and losses of $933 million.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Net cash flows from investing activities and their variability across each period related primarily to capital expenditures, which were $8.28 billion and $3.89 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, respectively, mainly for global AI and operational infrastructure and factory expansion, as well as machinery and equipment as we expand and enhance our product roadmap. We also purchased $660 million and $709 million of short-term investments, net of proceeds from maturities and sales, for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, respectively. Additionally, we invested $2.00 billion in SpaceX common stock during the six months ended June 30, 2026. Refer to Note 13, Related Party Transactions, for additional information regarding the equity investment.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Net cash flows from financing activities changed by $1.76 billion to $1.21 billion net cash inflows during the six months ended June 30, 2026 from $554 million net cash outflows during the six months ended June 30, 2025. The change was primarily due to a $1.63 billion increase in proceeds from issuances of debt and a $207 million decrease in repayments of debt. See Note 8, Debt, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details regarding our debt obligations. The increase was partially offset by a $60 million decrease in proceeds from exercises of stock options and other stock issuances, net of issuance costs.
36
Table of Contents
ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Foreign Currency Risk
We transact business globally in multiple currencies and hence have foreign currency risks related to our revenue, costs of revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar (primarily the Chinese yuan and euro in relation to our current year operations). In general, we are a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S. dollar for our foreign subsidiaries. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates affect our operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars as we do not typically hedge foreign currency risk.
We have also experienced, and will continue to experience, fluctuations in our net income as a result of gains (losses) on the settlement and the re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies that are not the local currency (primarily consisting of our intercompany and cash and cash equivalents balances).
We considered the historical trends in foreign currency exchange rates and determined that it is reasonably possible that adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 10% for all currencies could be experienced in the near-term. These changes were applied to our total monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than our local currencies at the balance sheet date to compute the impact these changes would have had on our net income before income taxes. These changes would have resulted in a gain or loss of $1.64 billion at June 30, 2026 and $1.70 billion at December 31, 2025, assuming no foreign currency hedging.
ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that our management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.
Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of June 30, 2026, our disclosure controls and procedures were designed at a reasonable assurance level and were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2026, which has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
37
Table of Contents
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and future results.
ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
None.
ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES
None.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements
None of the Company’s directors or officers adopted, modified or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the Company’s fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2026, as such terms are defined under Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.

38
Table of Contents
ITEM 6. EXHIBITS
See Index to Exhibits at the end of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the information required by this Item.
INDEX TO EXHIBITS
Exhibit
Number		 		Incorporated by Reference		Filed
Herewith
Exhibit Description		Form		File No.		Exhibit		Filing Date	
31.1		
Rule 13a-14(a) / 15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer
—		—		—		—		X
31.2		
Rule 13a-14(a) / 15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer
—		—		—		—		X
32.1*		
Section 1350 Certifications
—		—		—		—		 
101.INS		Inline XBRL Instance Document		—		—		—		—		X
101.SCH		Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document		—		—		—		—		X
101.CAL		Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.		—		—		—		—		X
101.DEF		Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document		—		—		—		—		X
101.LAB		Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document		—		—		—		—		X
101.PRE		Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document		—		—		—		—		X
104		Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101)		 		 		 		 		 
 
*    Furnished herewith
39
Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
Tesla, Inc.
 
Date: July 22, 2026
/s/ Vaibhav Taneja
Vaibhav Taneja
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer and
Duly Authorized Officer)
 
40
 MenuMenu
 SectionsSections
Search Facts
 DataData
 TagsTags
 More FiltersMore Filters
Facts 1,869
msft-20260630.htm1,869
 

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

 

FORM 10-K

 

 

☒

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 

 

For the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2026

 

 

 

OR

 

 

☐

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

 

 

For the Transition Period From                  to

Commission File Number 001-37845 

 

 

MICROSOFT CORPORATION

 

 

Washington

 

91-1144442

(STATE OF INCORPORATION)

 

(I.R.S. ID)

ONE MICROSOFT WAY, REDMOND, Washington 98052-6399

(425) 882-8080

www.microsoft.com/investor

 

 

 

 

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Title of each class

 

Trading Symbol

 

Name of exchange on which registered

 

 

 

 

 

Common stock, $0.00000625 par value per share

 

MSFT

 

Nasdaq

3.125% Notes due 2028

 

MSFT

 

Nasdaq

2.625% Notes due 2033

 

MSFT

 

Nasdaq

 

 

 

 

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

None

 

 

 

 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes  ☐    No  ☒ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).    Yes  ☒    No  ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

 

 

Large Accelerated Filer ☒

 

Accelerated Filer ☐

Non-accelerated Filer ☐ 

 

Smaller Reporting Company ☐

 

 

Emerging Growth Company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.    ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.    ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.    ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b).    ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes  ☐    No  ☒ 

As of December 31, 2025, the aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $3.6 trillion based on the closing sale price as reported on the NASDAQ National Market System. As of July 23, 2026, there were 7,425,545,491 shares of common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 8, 2026 are incorporated by reference into Part III.

 

 

 

 

MICROSOFT CORPORATION

FORM 10-K 

For the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2026

INDEX

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page

 

 

 

 

 

PART I

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 1.

 

Business

 

3

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Information about our Executive Officers

 

12

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 1A.

 

Risk Factors

 

14

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 1B.

 

Unresolved Staff Comments

 

29

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 1C.

 

Cybersecurity

 

29

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 2.

 

Properties

 

31

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 3.

 

Legal Proceedings

 

31

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 4.

 

Mine Safety Disclosures

 

31

 

 

 

 

 

PART II

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 5.

 

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

 

32

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 6.

 

[Reserved]

 

33

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 7.

 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

 

34

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 7A.

 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

 

49

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 8.

 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

 

50

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 9.

 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

 

89

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 9A.

 

Controls and Procedures

 

89

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

 

89

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

 

90

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 9B.

 

Other Information

 

91

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 9C.

 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

 

91

 

 

 

 

 

PART III

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 10.

 

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance

 

91

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 11.

 

Executive Compensation

 

91

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 12.

 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

 

92

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 13.

 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

 

92

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 14.

 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

 

92

 

 

 

 

 

PART IV

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 15.

 

Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules

 

93

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 16.

 

Form 10-K Summary

 

100

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Signatures

 

101

 

 

2

PART I

Item 1

 

Note About Forward-Looking Statements

This report includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including the following sections: “Business” (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K), “Risk Factors” (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K), and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” (Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K). These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially in “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” (Part II, Item 7A of this Form 10-K). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise.

PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

Microsoft is a technology company committed to making digital technology and artificial intelligence (“AI”) available broadly and doing so responsibly. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. 

We develop and support a broad portfolio of technology solutions for individuals and businesses, focusing on secure, trusted, and innovative platforms and applications that meet evolving customer needs across AI, cloud computing, productivity and collaboration, and personal computing. We strive to create opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world.

AI is fundamentally transforming productivity for every individual, organization, and industry. Microsoft's AI offerings span every layer of the technology stack, enabling transformative outcomes across sectors and unlocking opportunity for every country, community, and individual. 

We believe AI should be as empowering as it is powerful, and we’re committed to designing and deploying AI responsibly with safety and security from the outset.

What We Offer

Founded in 1975, we develop and support software, services, devices, and solutions that deliver new value for customers and help people and businesses realize their full potential.

We offer an array of services, including cloud-based solutions that provide customers with AI, software, services, platforms, and content, and we provide solution support and consulting services. We also deliver relevant online advertising to a global audience.

Our products include operating systems, server applications, business solution applications, software development tools, desktop and server management tools, and video games. We also design and sell devices, including PCs, tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, other intelligent devices, and related accessories.

Digital transformation and adoption of AI continues to revolutionize more business workstreams for organizations in every sector across the globe. For enterprises, digital technology empowers employees, optimizes operations, engages customers, and in some cases, changes the very core of products and services. 

3

PART I

Item 1

 

The Microsoft Cloud provides integration across the technology stack while offering openness, improving time to value, reducing costs, and increasing agility. Our cloud business benefits from three economies of scale: datacenters that deploy computational resources at significantly lower cost per unit than smaller ones; datacenters that coordinate and aggregate diverse customer, geographic, and application demand patterns, improving the utilization of computing, storage, and network resources; and multi-tenancy locations that lower application maintenance labor costs. 

We prioritize security above all else and we offer our customers integrated AI-driven products addressing security, compliance, identity, management, and privacy across customers’ multi-cloud, application, and device assets.

The Ambitions That Drive Us

To achieve our vision, our research and development efforts focus on three interconnected ambitions:

•
Reinvent productivity and business processes to help organizations and individuals work and collaborate more securely and efficiently.
•
Build the intelligent cloud and intelligent edge platform to provide a foundation for our customers’ digital workloads, including hybrid consistency, developer productivity, data and AI capabilities, and trusted security and compliance.
•
Create more personal computing experiences that empower people to play, create, and interact with technology in more intuitive, engaging, and dynamic ways. 
Our Future Opportunity

We are focused on helping customers use the breadth and depth of the Microsoft Cloud to get the most value out of their digital spend while leading the AI platform wave across our solution areas. We continue to develop complete, intelligent solutions for our customers that empower people to be productive and collaborate, while safeguarding businesses and simplifying IT management. Our goal is to lead the industry in several distinct areas of technology over the long term, which we expect will translate to sustained growth. We are investing significant resources in:

•
Tackling security from all angles with our integrated, end-to-end solutions spanning security, compliance, identity, and management, across all clouds and platforms.
•
Transforming the workplace to deliver new, modern, modular business applications, drive deeper insights, and improve how people communicate, collaborate, learn, work, and interact with one another.
•
Building and running cloud-based services in ways that utilize ubiquitous computing to unleash new experiences and opportunities for businesses and individuals.
•
Applying AI and ambient intelligence to drive insights, revolutionize many types of work and business processes, and provide substantive productivity gains using Microsoft 365 Copilot and agents.
•
Helping customers drive frontier transformation by applying frontier AI capabilities, engineering expertise, and trusted platforms to reinvent how their organizations operate, improve decision-making, create new value, and deliver measurable business outcomes from AI.
•
Providing a unified intelligence layer for enterprise AI to ground AI in a continuously evolving understanding of an organization’s data.
•
Providing training on generative AI and greater access to digital learning and resources through skilling programs and initiatives, grants, and LinkedIn learning pathways.
•
Inventing new gaming experiences that bring people together around their shared love for games on any device and pushing the boundaries of innovation with console and PC gaming.
•
Leveraging Windows to fuel our cloud business, grow our share of the PC market, and drive increased engagement with our services like Microsoft Edge, Bing, Copilot, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft 365 Consumer, XBOX Game Pass, and more.
Our future growth depends on our ability to transcend current product category definitions, business models, and sales motions.

4

PART I

Item 1

 

Commitment to Sustainability

Microsoft is committed to sustainability and our approach to addressing climate change starts with the sustainability of our own business. In 2020, we announced goals to become a carbon negative, water positive, and zero waste company by 2030. Since announcing these goals, we have seen major changes in both the technology sector and in our understanding of what it will take to meet our goals. More information about our progress toward these goals can be found in our annual Environmental Sustainability Report.

OPERATING SEGMENTS

We operate our business and report our financial performance using three segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing. Our segments provide management with a comprehensive financial view of our key businesses. The segments enable the alignment of strategies and objectives across the development, sales, marketing, and services organizations, and they provide a framework for timely and rational allocation of resources within businesses.

Additional information on our operating segments and geographic and product information is contained in Note 18 – Segment Information and Geographic Data of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).

Our reportable segments are described below.

Productivity and Business Processes

Our Productivity and Business Processes segment consists of products and services in our portfolio of productivity, communication, and information services, spanning a variety of devices and platforms. This segment primarily comprises:

•
Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud, comprising Microsoft 365 Commercial, Enterprise Mobility + Security, the cloud portion of Windows Commercial, the per-user portion of Power BI, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft 365 Security and Compliance, and Microsoft 365 Copilot; and Microsoft 365 Commercial products, comprising Windows Commercial on-premises and Office licensed on-premises.
•
Microsoft 365 Consumer products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions, Office licensed on-premises, and other consumer services.
•
LinkedIn, including Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions.
•
Dynamics products and cloud services, including Dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud-based applications across ERP, CRM, Power Apps, and Power Automate; and on-premises ERP and CRM applications.
Microsoft 365 Commercial Products and Cloud Services

Microsoft 365 Commercial is an AI-powered business and productivity solutions platform that brings together Office, Windows, Microsoft 365 Copilot, and Enterprise Mobility + Security to help organizations empower their employees. Growth depends on our ability to reach new users in new markets such as frontline workers, small and medium businesses, and growth markets, as well as add AI-enabled tools, features, and agentic scenarios to our core product and service offerings across communication, collaboration, analytics, security, compliance, and other AI business productivity categories. Microsoft 365 Commercial revenue is mainly affected by a combination of continued installed base growth and average revenue per user expansion, as well as the continued shift from Office licensed on-premises to Microsoft 365.

Microsoft 365 Consumer Products and Cloud Services

Microsoft 365 Consumer is designed to increase personal productivity and creativity through a range of products and services. Growth depends on our ability to reach new users, add value to our core product set with new features including AI tools, and continue to expand our product and service offerings into new markets. Microsoft 365 Consumer cloud revenue and Office Consumer products revenue is mainly affected by the percentage of customers that buy Office with their new devices and the continued shift from Office licensed on-premises to Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions. Microsoft 365 Consumer cloud revenue is also affected by the demand for communication and storage through Outlook.com and OneDrive, which is largely driven by subscriptions and advertising.

5

PART I

Item 1

 

LinkedIn

LinkedIn connects the world’s professionals to make them more productive and successful and transforms the way companies hire, market, sell, and learn. In addition to LinkedIn’s free services, LinkedIn offers monetized solutions designed to offer AI-enabled insights and productivity: Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions. Growth will depend on our ability to increase LinkedIn member engagement on the platform and our ability to continue offering insight and AI-enabled services that provide value for our members and customers. LinkedIn revenue is mainly affected by demand from enterprises and professionals for subscriptions to Talent Solutions, Sales Solutions, and Premium Subscriptions offerings, as well as member engagement and the quality of the sponsored content delivered to those members to drive Marketing Solutions. 

Dynamics Products and Cloud Services

Dynamics provides cloud-based and on-premises business solutions for financial management, enterprise resource planning (“ERP”), customer relationship management (“CRM”), and supply chain management, as well as agentic AI and other low code application development platforms, for small and medium businesses, large organizations, and divisions of global enterprises. Dynamics revenue is driven by the number of users licensed and applications consumed, expansion of average revenue per user, and the continued shift to Dynamics 365, a unified set of cloud-based intelligent business applications, including our low code development platforms, such as Power Apps and Power Automate.

Competition

Competitors to Office include software and global application vendors, web-based and mobile application companies, AI-first application companies, as well as local application developers. We compete by providing secure, integrated industry-specific, and easy-to-use productivity and collaboration tools and services that create comprehensive solutions and work well with technologies our customers already have both on-premises or in the cloud.

Windows faces competition from various software products and from alternative platforms and devices. Microsoft Defender for Endpoint competes with endpoint security solution providers. 

Our Enterprise Mobility + Security offerings compete with products from a range of competitors including identity vendors, security solution vendors, and numerous other security point solution vendors.

LinkedIn faces competition from online professional networks; recruiting, talent management, and human resource services companies; job boards; companies that provide learning and development products and services; online and offline outlets that generate revenue from advertisers and marketers; and online and offline outlets for companies with lead generation and customer intelligence and insights.

Dynamics competes with cloud-based and on-premises business solution providers.

Intelligent Cloud

Our Intelligent Cloud segment consists of our public, private, and hybrid server products and cloud services that power modern business and developers. This segment primarily comprises:

•
Server products and cloud services, including Azure and other cloud services, comprising cloud and AI consumption-based services, GitHub cloud services, Health and Life Sciences cloud services (formerly Nuance Healthcare cloud services), virtual desktop offerings, and other cloud services; and Server products, comprising SQL Server, Windows Server, Visual Studio, System Center, related Client Access Licenses (“CALs”), and other on-premises offerings.
•
Enterprise and partner services, including Enterprise Support Services, Industry Solutions, Microsoft Partner Network, and Learning Experience.
6

PART I

Item 1

 

Server Products and Cloud Services

Azure is a comprehensive set of cloud services that offer developers, IT professionals, and enterprises freedom to build, deploy, and manage applications on any platform or device. Customers can use Azure through our global network of datacenters for computing, networking, storage, mobile and web application services, AI, and Internet of Things. Azure enables customers to devote more resources to development and use of applications that benefit their organizations, rather than managing on-premises hardware and software. Azure revenue is mainly affected by infrastructure-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service consumption-based services.

Azure AI offerings provide a competitive advantage as companies seek ways to optimize and scale their business with AI. We offer supercomputing power for AI at scale to run large workloads, complemented by our rapidly expanding portfolio of AI cloud services (including the latest models) and hardware, which includes custom-built silicon and strong partnerships with chip manufacturers. Azure AI Foundry is a unified platform for developers to design, customize, and manage AI applications and agents.

Our server products are designed to make IT professionals, developers, and their systems more productive and efficient. Server software is integrated server infrastructure and middleware designed to support software applications built on the Windows Server operating system. This includes the server platform, database, business intelligence, storage, management and operations, virtualization, service-oriented architecture platform, security, and identity software. We also license standalone and software development lifecycle tools for software architects, developers, testers, and project managers. Server products revenue is mainly affected by purchases through volume licensing programs, licenses sold to OEMs, and retail packaged products. CALs provide access rights to certain server products, including SQL Server and Windows Server, and revenue is reported along with the associated server product.

GitHub includes both cloud and on-premises offerings. GitHub provides a collaboration platform for developers to manage code and incorporate AI and agent-based tools across the software development lifecycle. Health and Life Sciences cloud services provides AI solutions to the healthcare industry. 

Enterprise and Partner Services

Enterprise and partner services assist customers in developing, deploying, and managing Microsoft server solutions, Microsoft desktop solutions, and conversational AI and ambient intelligent solutions, along with providing training and certification to developers and IT professionals on various Microsoft products.

Competition

Azure faces diverse competition from cloud service providers and open-source offerings. Azure’s competitive advantage includes enabling a hybrid cloud, allowing deployment of existing datacenters with our public cloud into a single, cohesive infrastructure, and the ability to run at a scale that meets the needs of businesses of all sizes and complexities. Our AI offerings compete with AI products from hyperscalers, as well as products from other emerging competitors and other open-source offerings, many of which are also current or potential partners. Our Azure Security offerings include our cloud security solution and our security information and event management solution, which compete with providers in the cybersecurity and cloud security space. We believe our cloud’s global scale, coupled with our broad portfolio of identity and security solutions, allows us to effectively solve complex cybersecurity challenges for our customers and differentiates us from the competition.

Our server products face competition from a wide variety of server operating systems and applications offered by companies with a range of market approaches. Vertically integrated computer manufacturers offer their own versions of the Unix operating system preinstalled on server hardware and nearly all computer manufacturers offer server hardware for the Linux operating system.

We compete to provide enterprise-wide computing and point solutions with numerous commercial software vendors that offer solutions and middleware technology platforms, software applications for connectivity, security, hosting, database, and e-business servers.

Our database, business intelligence, and data warehousing solutions offerings compete with products from providers in the data and analytics industry. Our system management solutions compete with server management and server virtualization platform providers. Our products for software developers compete against offerings from major technology providers, as well as open-source alternatives. 

7

PART I

Item 1

 

We believe our server products provide customers with advantages in performance, total costs of ownership, and productivity by delivering superior applications, development tools, compatibility with a broad base of hardware and software applications, security, and manageability. 

Our Enterprise and partner services business competes with a wide range of companies that provide strategy and business planning, application development, and infrastructure services, including multinational consulting firms and small niche businesses focused on specific technologies. 

More Personal Computing

Our More Personal Computing segment consists of products and services that put customers at the center of the experience with our technology. This segment primarily comprises:

•
Windows and Devices, including Windows OEM licensing (Windows Pro and non-Pro licenses sold through the OEM channel) and Devices, comprising Surface and PC accessories.
•
XBOX (formerly Gaming), including XBOX hardware and XBOX content and services, comprising first- and third-party content (including games and in-game content), XBOX Game Pass and other subscriptions, XBOX Cloud Gaming, advertising, and other cloud services.
•
Search advertising (formerly Search and news advertising), comprising Bing, Copilot, Microsoft News, Microsoft Edge, and third-party affiliates.
Windows and Devices

The Windows operating system is designed to deliver a more personal computing experience for users by enabling consistency of experience, applications, and information across their devices. Windows OEM revenue is impacted significantly by the number of Windows operating system licenses purchased by OEMs, which they pre-install on the devices they sell. In addition to computing device market volume, Windows OEM revenue is impacted by: 

•
The mix of computing devices based on form factor and screen size.
•
Differences in device market demand between developed markets and growth markets.
•
Growth of the AI PC category.
•
Attachment of Windows to devices shipped.
•
Customer mix between consumer, small and medium businesses, and large enterprises.
•
Changes in inventory levels in the OEM channel.
•
Pricing changes and promotions, pricing variation that occurs when the mix of devices manufactured shifts from local and regional system builders to large multinational OEMs, and different pricing of Windows versions licensed.
•
Constraints in the supply chain of device components.
•
Piracy.
We design and sell devices, such as Surface (including Copilot+ PCs) and PC accessories. Our devices are designed to enable people and organizations to connect to the people and content that matter most using Windows and integrated Microsoft products and services. Surface is designed to help organizations, students, and consumers be more productive. Growth in Devices is dependent on total PC shipments, the ability to attract new customers, our product roadmap, and expanding into new categories.

XBOX

Microsoft is expanding how billions of people globally access and play video games on PC, console, mobile, and cloud. Our game content is developed through a collection of first-party studios creating iconic and differentiated gaming experiences. We continue to invest in gaming studios and content to expand our intellectual property roadmap and leverage new content creators. These unique gaming experiences are the cornerstone of XBOX Game Pass, a subscription service and gaming community with access to a curated library of first- and third-party titles.

8

PART I

Item 1

 

The gamer remains at the heart of the XBOX ecosystem. We are identifying new opportunities to attract gamers across a variety of different end points through our first- and third-party content and business diversification across subscriptions, ads, and digital stores. We’ve seen new devices from third-party manufacturers along with key PC and mobile end points that help us empower gamers to play in a way that is most convenient to them. We are focused on growing the platform and expanding to new ecosystems to engage as many gamers as possible. 

XBOX enables people to connect and share online gaming experiences that are accessible on XBOX consoles, Windows-enabled devices, and other devices. XBOX is designed to benefit users by providing access to a network of certified applications and services and to benefit our developer and partner ecosystems by providing access to a large customer base. XBOX revenue is mainly affected by subscriptions and sales of first- and third-party content, as well as advertising. Growth of our XBOX business is determined by the overall active user base through XBOX enabled content, availability of games, providing exclusive game content that gamers seek, the computational power and reliability of the devices used to access our content and services, and the ability to create new experiences. 

Search Advertising

Our Search advertising business is designed to deliver relevant search, native, and display advertising to a global audience. Microsoft Copilot is a digital companion designed to inform, entertain, and inspire. Our Microsoft Edge browser and Bing search engine with Copilot are key tools to enable user acquisition and engagement, while our technology platform enables accelerated delivery of digital advertising solutions. In addition to first-party tools, we have several partnerships with companies through which we provide and monetize search offerings. Growth depends on our ability to attract new users, understand intent, and match intent with relevant content on advertising offerings.

Competition 

Windows faces competition from various software products and from alternative platforms and devices. We believe Windows competes effectively by giving customers choice, value, flexibility, security, an easy-to-use interface, and compatibility with a broad range of hardware and software applications, including those that enable productivity. 

Devices face competition from various computer, tablet, and hardware manufacturers who offer a unique combination of high-quality industrial design and innovative technologies across various price points. Many of these manufacturers are also current or potential partners and customers, including our Windows OEMs.

XBOX and our cloud gaming services face competition from various online gaming ecosystems and game streaming services. Our gaming platform competes with other console platforms. We believe our gaming platform is effectively positioned against, and uniquely differentiated from, competitive products and services based on significant innovation in hardware architecture, user interface, developer tools, online gaming and entertainment services, and continued strong content from our own first-party game franchises as well as other digital content offerings.

Our Search advertising business competes with search engines, and a wide array of websites, social platforms, and portals that provide content and online offerings to end users. 

HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES

As of June 30, 2026, we employed approximately 223,000 people on a full-time basis, 121,000 in the U.S. and 102,000 internationally. Of the total employees, 89,000 were in operations, including product support and consulting services, datacenter operations, and manufacturing and distribution; 77,000 were in product research and development; 43,000 were in sales and marketing; and 14,000 were in general and administration. Certain employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements.

We design our programs to attract, reward, and retain top talent while fostering continuous employee development and reinforcing our organizational culture and values. Our total compensation offering is both highly differentiated and competitive within the market, and we also monitor pay equity across multiple dimensions. We have invested significantly in employee wellbeing and offer a differentiated benefits package which includes many physical, emotional, and financial wellness programs. We also provide access to continuous learning through a wide range of internal and external content, supporting professional growth across roles and disciplines. Through our employee listening systems, we gather direct feedback from our workforce, enabling us to adapt our programs and address employee needs globally with real-time insights. Additionally, our culture prioritizes the security of both our customers and Microsoft, embedding this responsibility across all teams and functions.

9

PART I

Item 1

 

OPERATIONS 

We have a global operations service center covering the Americas, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Middle East that supports our business operations, including customer contract and order processing, billing, credit and collections, customer lifecycle AI and cloud operations, and vendor management and logistics.

In addition to our operations center, we also operate datacenters throughout each of these regions. We continue to align our datacenter locations and server capacity to meet the evolving needs of our customers, particularly given the growing demand for AI services. Our datacenters depend on the availability of permitted and buildable land, predictable energy, networking supplies, and servers, including graphics processing units and other components.

We engage third-party manufacturers to produce our devices and have implemented measures to enhance supply chain efficiency and resilience, including the ability to relocate production geographically. 

There are few qualified suppliers for certain components of our servers and devices. Extended or unforeseen disruptions, or limited availability of components from these suppliers could impact our ability to operate our datacenters and manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 

Product and Service Development 

Our success is based on our ability to create new and compelling products, services, and experiences for our users, initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, enter new geographic and product markets, and drive broad adoption of our products and services. We make significant investments in research and development for new and existing products, services, and technologies, including tools and platforms spanning digital work and life experiences, cloud computing, AI, devices, security, and operating systems. 

We develop most of our products and services internally which allows us to maintain competitive advantages that come from product differentiation and closer technical control over our products and services. It also gives us the freedom to decide which modifications and enhancements are most important and when they should be implemented. We strive to obtain information as early as possible about changing usage patterns and hardware advances that may affect software and hardware design. Before releasing new software platforms, and as we make significant modifications to existing platforms, we provide application vendors with a range of resources and guidelines for development, training, and testing.

We plan to continue to make significant investments in a broad range of product research and development activities, including AI-based products and services. We will coordinate our research and development across operating segments and leverage the results across the company, as appropriate. This includes continuing to support fundamental research, which provides us with a unique perspective on future trends and contributes to our innovation.

Intellectual Property

We protect our intellectual property investments in a variety of ways. We work actively in the U.S. and internationally to ensure the enforcement of copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, and other protections that apply to our software and hardware products, services, business plans, and branding. While we employ much of our internally-developed intellectual property in our products and services, we also engage in outbound licensing of specific patented technologies that are incorporated into licensees’ products. From time to time, we enter into broader cross-license agreements with other technology companies covering entire groups of patents. We may also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products and services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, supporting societal and/or environmental efforts, or attracting and enabling our external development community. Our engagement with open-source software also causes us to license our intellectual property rights broadly in certain situations.

While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and services, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. We believe our continuing research and product development are not materially dependent on any single license or other agreement with a third-party relating to the development of our products. 

10

PART I

Item 1

 

DISTRIBUTION, SALES, AND MARKETING 

Distribution occurs through a combination of direct and indirect channels. Direct sales activities serve customers ranging from large multinational enterprises and public sector organizations to small and medium-sized businesses. Indirect sales activities serve customers through a broad network of partners that support the sale, deployment, and management of Microsoft products and services worldwide.

The indirect channel extends the reach of commercial offerings and supports customers across industries, geographies, and organization sizes. Sales and distribution models continue to evolve to support cloud-based, subscription-based, and consumption-based offerings while maintaining multiple options through which customers may acquire and manage our products and services.

OEMs license and preinstall certain Microsoft software on devices that are sold to end customers. In addition, certain products and services are available through online purchasing channels and digital marketplaces.

LICENSING OPTIONS 

We offer a range of volume purchasing programs that enable organizations of varying sizes to acquire software, cloud services, and related support benefits through direct and partner-assisted purchasing arrangements. These programs provide customers with flexible purchasing, deployment, and management options and are tailored to large enterprises, mid-sized organizations, small businesses, educational institutions, and government entities.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION 

We are subject to a wide range of laws, regulations, and legal requirements in the U.S. and globally, including those that may apply to our products, services, and infrastructure, and those that impose requirements related to user privacy, telecommunications, data storage and protection, advertising, and online content. These requirements are continually evolving, and they can be unclear and vary significantly across jurisdictions. We have implemented comprehensive compliance programs across our operations to adapt to these changes and to maintain customer and regulator confidence. We monitor regulatory developments around the world and implement policies, controls, and technical safeguards so that our operations, products, and services meet applicable legal standards. Our business teams, with legal support, manage the compliance programs and prepare external regulatory and commercial reporting, and our internal audit teams conduct reviews of the programs and processes. While we have a unified approach to regulatory compliance, some of the programs and processes are tailored to meet specific regulatory obligations, such as with the creation of independent compliance functions required by the European Union (“EU”) Digital Markets Act and the EU Digital Services Act, which oversee, monitor, and assess the company’s compliance with these acts.

For a description of the risks we face related to regulatory matters, refer to Risk Factors (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K).

11

PART I

Item 1

 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Our executive officers as of July 29, 2026 were as follows:

 

Name

 

Age

 

 

Position with the Company

 

 

 

 

Satya Nadella

 

 

58

 

 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Judson B. Althoff

 

 

53

 

 

Chief Executive Officer, Microsoft Commercial Business

Amy L. Coleman

 

 

54

 

 

Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer

Amy E. Hood

 

 

54

 

 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Takeshi Numoto

 

 

55

 

 

Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer

Bradford L. Smith

 

 

67

 

 

Vice Chair and President

 

 

Mr. Nadella was appointed Chairman of the Board in June 2021 and Chief Executive Officer in February 2014. He served as Executive Vice President, Cloud and Enterprise from July 2013 until that time. From 2011 to 2013, Mr. Nadella served as President, Server and Tools. From 2009 to 2011, he was Senior Vice President, Online Services Division. From 2008 to 2009, he was Senior Vice President, Search, Portal, and Advertising. Since joining Microsoft in 1992, Mr. Nadella’s roles also included Vice President of the Business Division.

Mr. Althoff was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Microsoft Commercial Business in October 2025. He previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer since July 2021. He served as Executive Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Business from July 2017 until July 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Althoff served as the President of Microsoft North America. Mr. Althoff joined Microsoft in March 2013 as President of Microsoft North America. Mr. Althoff also serves on the Board of Directors of Ecolab Inc. and General Electric Company, operating as GE Aerospace.

Ms. Coleman was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in March 2025. She previously served as Corporate Vice President, Human Resources and Corporation Functions since January 2021. Prior to that, Ms. Coleman served as Vice President Human Resources and Corporate Functions since September 2020. Since joining Microsoft in 2009, Ms. Coleman has held various positions of increasing authority.

Ms. Hood was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in July 2013, subsequent to her appointment as Chief Financial Officer in May 2013. From 2010 to 2013, Ms. Hood was Chief Financial Officer of the Microsoft Business Division. Since joining Microsoft in 2002, Ms. Hood has also held finance-related positions in the Server and Tools Business and the corporate finance organization.

Mr. Numoto was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer in October 2023. He served as Executive Vice President and Commercial Chief Marketing Officer from March 2020. Mr. Numoto served as a Corporate Vice President, Cloud Marketing from January 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Numoto served as a Corporate Vice President for Office 365 Marketing from 2004, where he led the transformation from traditional on-premises packaged software to the introduction of Office 365. Since joining Microsoft in 1997, Mr. Numoto has held multiple roles in Windows Program Management and Office Marketing.

Mr. Smith was appointed Vice Chair and President in September 2021. Prior to that, he served as President and Chief Legal Officer since September 2015. He served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary from 2011 to 2015, and served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary from 2001 to 2011. Mr. Smith was also named Chief Compliance Officer in 2002. Since joining Microsoft in 1993, he was Deputy General Counsel for Worldwide Sales and previously was responsible for managing the European Law and Corporate Affairs Group, based in Paris. Mr. Smith also serves on the Board of Directors of Netflix, Inc.

12

PART I

Item 1

 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

Our Internet address is www.microsoft.com. At our Investor Relations website, www.microsoft.com/investor, we make available free of charge a variety of information for investors. Our goal is to maintain the Investor Relations website as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, including:

•
Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) at www.sec.gov.
•
Information on our business strategies, financial results, and metrics for investors.
•
Announcements of investor conferences, speeches, and events at which our executives talk about our product, service, and competitive strategies. Archives of these events are also available.
•
Press releases on quarterly earnings, product and service announcements, and legal developments.
•
Corporate governance information including our articles of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, committee charters, codes of conduct and ethics, corporate responsibility initiatives, and other governance-related policies.
•
Other news and announcements that we may post from time to time that investors might find useful or interesting.
•
Opportunities to sign up for email alerts to have information pushed in real time.
We publish a variety of reports and resources related to our Corporate Responsibility programs and progress on our Reports Hub website, www.microsoft.com/corporate-responsibility/reports-hub, including the Environmental Sustainability Report, Microsoft Digital Defense Report, and Microsoft Impact Summary. 

The information found on these websites is not part of, or incorporated by reference into, this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. In addition to these channels, we use social media to communicate to the public. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed to be material to investors. We encourage investors, the media, and others interested in Microsoft to review the information we post on the social media channels listed on our Investor Relations website.

13

PART I

Item 1A

 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and the trading price of our common stock. Statements in this section reflect our beliefs and opinions as to matters that could adversely affect us in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such matters have occurred in the past.

STRATEGIC AND COMPETITIVE RISKS

We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which could adversely affect our results of operations.

Competition in the technology sector

Our competitors range in size from diversified global companies with significant research and development resources to small, specialized firms who may be more effective in deploying technical, marketing, and financial resources. Barriers to entry in many of our businesses are low and many of the areas in which we compete evolve rapidly with changing and disruptive technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers, we may not remain competitive, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Competition among platform-based ecosystems

An important element of our business model has been to create platform-based ecosystems on which many participants can build diverse solutions. A well-established ecosystem creates beneficial network effects among users, application developers, and the platform provider that can accelerate growth. Establishing significant scale in the marketplace is necessary to meet consumer demand and to achieve and maintain attractive margins. Firms offering competing platforms may make it more difficult to attract and retain customers.

•
A competing vertically-integrated model, in which a single firm controls the hardware and software elements of a product and related services, has succeeded with some consumer products such as PCs, tablets, smartphones, gaming consoles, wearables, and other endpoint devices. Competitors pursuing this model also earn revenue from services integrated with the hardware and software platform, including applications and content sold through their integrated marketplaces. They may also be able to claim security and performance benefits from their vertically-integrated offer. We also offer some vertically-integrated hardware and software products and services. Expansion of our vertically-integrated capabilities, including developing proprietary hardware, infrastructure, and artificial intelligence (“AI”) models, could increase our cost structure, reduce margins, and expose us to operational risks.
•
We derive substantial revenue from licenses of Windows operating systems on PCs. We face significant competition from competing platforms developed for new types of devices, including smartphones and tablets. These devices compete on multiple bases including price and the perceived utility of the device and its platform. Users continue to turn to these devices to perform functions that in the past were performed by PCs. Even if many users view these devices as complementary to a PC, the prevalence of these devices may make it more difficult to attract application developers to our PC operating system platforms. Competing with operating systems licensed at low or no cost may decrease our PC operating system margins. Popular products or services offered on competing platforms could increase their competitive strength. In addition, some of our devices compete with products made by our OEM partners, which may affect their commitment to our platform.
•
Competing platforms have content and application marketplaces with scale and significant installed bases. The variety and utility of content and applications available on a platform are important to device purchasing decisions. Users may incur costs to move data and buy new content and applications when switching platforms. To compete successfully, we must enlist developers to write applications for our platform and ensure that these applications have high quality, security, customer appeal, and value. Efforts to compete with competitors’ content and application marketplaces may increase our cost of revenue and lower our operating margins. Competitors’ rules governing their content and applications marketplaces may restrict our ability to distribute products and services through them in accordance with our technical and business model objectives.
14

PART I

Item 1A

 

For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, which could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations.

Business model competition

Companies compete with us based on a growing variety of business models.

•
We are investing in AI across the entire company and infusing AI capabilities into our offerings. AI technology and services are a highly competitive and rapidly evolving market, and new competitors continue to enter the market. Our AI offerings compete with AI products from hyperscalers, open-source offerings, and frontier model providers, some of which are also current or potential partners. To compete effectively we must also be responsive to technological change, new and potential regulatory developments, and public scrutiny.
•
A material part of our business involves cloud-based services available across the spectrum of computing devices. We and our competitors continue to devote significant resources to developing and deploying cloud-based strategies and services for consumers and business customers. 
•
Even as we transition more of our business to infrastructure-, platform-, and software-as-a-service business models, the license-based proprietary software model generates a substantial portion of our software revenue. We bear the costs of converting original ideas into software products through investments in research and development, offsetting these costs with the revenue received from licensing our products. Many of our competitors also develop and sell software to businesses and consumers under this model.
•
Other competitors develop and offer free applications, online services, and content, and make money by selling third-party advertising. Advertising revenue funds development of products and services these competitors provide to users at little or no cost, competing directly with our revenue-generating products.
•
Some companies compete with us by modifying and then distributing open-source software at little or no cost to end users, developing, making available, or using AI models that are open, and earning revenue on advertising or integrated products and services. These firms do not bear the full costs of research and development for the open-source products. Some open-source products mimic the features and functionality of our products.
The competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our cloud and AI strategy requires substantial investments and depends on evolving customer demand, technological developments, competitive dynamics, and regulatory conditions, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have made and are continuing to make significant capital and operational investments to develop, train, deploy, and support AI models and related cloud-based services, including building and expanding datacenters, acquiring necessary components, and securing energy resources. These investments are being made at significant scale and on an accelerated timeline, require substantial and increasing capital expenditures and continued access to capital, and are in advance of fully developed revenue streams. The associated revenue may not be realized in the expected timeframes or at expected levels. Our capital and operational investments are complex and involve projects in multiple locations around the world that expose us to increased compliance risks and political challenges, among others. Our ability to fund these investments depends on our ability to generate sufficient cash flows and obtain financing on acceptable terms. Adverse changes in interest rates, credit markets, investor sentiment, our credit ratings, or other factors affecting capital availability could increase our cost of capital or limit our ability to execute our infrastructure strategy. The financial success of these investments depends on a number of uncertain factors, including customer demand for cloud-based and AI products and services and continued customer use of Azure to build, train, deploy, and run AI workloads, our ability to price and monetize those services at levels sufficient to recover our costs, competitive dynamics affecting pricing, and the pace of adoption of AI. Customers may reduce, delay, or shift AI workloads to competing platforms, on-premises or local deployments, or other alternatives. If adoption of our AI services develops more slowly than expected, or if customers do not continue to utilize Azure for AI workloads at anticipated levels, we may not realize the expected returns on our investments.

15

PART I

Item 1A

 

Demand for cloud-based and AI products and services is evolving and difficult to forecast. Overestimation of demand or misalignment of capacity investments may result in underutilization of infrastructure and may lead to impairment of assets on our balance sheet. Conversely, demand exceeding available capacity limits our ability to meet customer needs in a timely manner.

The cost structure for AI products and services is subject to significant uncertainty, including with respect to model training and inference costs, the availability and pricing of components, and energy costs. If these costs increase, remain elevated, or fail to decline, or if pricing for AI products and services declines as a result of competition, commoditization, or other market forces, our margins, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our AI strategy also depends in part on strategic relationships with third parties that provide technologies, models, products, and services that enhance our offerings. These relationships may change over time, and many of these partners compete with us with respect to certain products and services. Changes in strategic priorities, contractual arrangements, our access to third-party technologies, or key commercial relationships could adversely affect the competitiveness of our AI products and services. In some cases, these parties are significant customers of Azure and other cloud services. The economic benefits we expect to derive from these relationships, including through commercial arrangements, technology access, and Azure consumption, may not be realized or sustained. As we manage infrastructure capacity constraints and evolving customer demand, we may modify capacity allocations, deployment priorities, pricing, or other commercial arrangements. Strategic partners and other customers may likewise adjust their purchasing decisions, deployment strategies, workloads, or anticipated use of our products and services. As a result, expected consumption or anticipated demand may not materialize, may be delayed or reduced, or may decline over time. Any such developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our success depends on our ability to develop, deliver, and maintain competitive cloud-based and AI products and services that achieve broad customer adoption and sustainable revenue growth. Our ability to succeed depends on our ability to develop and deliver differentiated products and services that meet evolving customer needs, achieve broad adoption, maintain customer trust, and generate sustainable revenue and growth. The markets for cloud-based and AI products and services are highly dynamic, characterized by shifting customer expectations, increasing regulatory and governmental scrutiny, intense competition, and rapid technological change, such as the accelerating importance of agentic computing. Whether we succeed in cloud-based and AI products and services depends on our execution in several areas, including:

•
Continuing to bring to market compelling cloud-based and AI products and services that generate increasing traffic and market share.
•
Driving customer adoption, usage, and retention of our cloud-based and AI products and services.
•
Effectively monetizing our cloud-based and AI products through pricing models that reflect their value while remaining competitive.
•
Attracting third parties to utilize, build on, and extend our cloud and AI platforms.
•
Ensuring our cloud-based and AI services meet the reliability expectations and specific requirements of our customers and maintain the security of their data as well as help them meet their own compliance needs.
•
Making our suite of cloud-based and AI products and services platform-agnostic and maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based and AI products and services on the growing array of computing devices, including PCs, smartphones, tablets, gaming consoles, and other devices.
Our success depends on our ability to execute effectively across product development, go-to-market, customer acquisition, and customer retention initiatives. Failure to do so could reduce adoption, market share, and revenue growth. If we are not effective in executing organizational and technical changes to increase efficiency and accelerate innovation, or if we fail to generate sufficient usage of our new products and services, the timing or magnitude of any revenue growth may not be in line with these costs. This could adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our cloud-based and AI products and services may be misused by customers, users, or malicious actors for unintended, fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful purposes. Our efforts to detect, prevent, and mitigate such misuse may not be successful, which could result in reputational harm, regulatory scrutiny, service disruptions, or adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

16

PART I

Item 1A

 

RISKS RELATING TO THE EVOLUTION OF OUR BUSINESS

We make significant investments in products and services that may not achieve expected returns. We will continue to make significant investments in research, development, and marketing for existing products, services, and technologies, including AI-based products and services. We also invest in the development and acquisition of a variety of hardware for productivity, communication, and entertainment, including PCs, tablets, and gaming devices. Investments in new technology are speculative. Commercial success depends on many factors, including innovation, developer support, and effective distribution and marketing. If customers do not perceive our latest offerings as providing significant new functionality or other value, they may reduce their purchases of new software and hardware products or upgrades, unfavorably affecting revenue. We may not achieve significant revenue from new product, service, and distribution channel investments for several years, if at all. New products and services may not be profitable or may not achieve operating margins as high as we have experienced historically. We may not get engagement in certain features that drive post-sale monetization opportunities. Our data-handling practices across our products and services will continue to be under scrutiny. Perceptions of mismanagement, driven by regulatory activity or negative public reaction to our practices or product experiences, could negatively impact product and feature adoption. Developing new technologies is complex. It can require long development and testing periods. We could experience significant delays in new releases or significant problems in creating new products or services. These factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances could have an adverse effect on our business. We expect to continue making acquisitions and entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy. For example, in October 2023 we completed our acquisition of Activision Blizzard, Inc. Additionally, we have a long-term strategic partnership with OpenAI. Acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements involve significant challenges and risks, including that they do not advance our business strategy, that we get an unsatisfactory return on our investment, that they raise new compliance-related obligations and challenges, that we have difficulty integrating and retaining new employees, business systems, and technology, that they distract management from our other businesses, or that announced transactions may not be completed. If an arrangement fails to adequately anticipate changing circumstances and interests of a party, it may result in early termination or renegotiation of the arrangement. We also have limited ability to control or influence third parties with whom we have arrangements, which may impact our ability to realize the anticipated benefits. The success of these transactions and arrangements depend in part on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones, as well as the acquired companies’ ability to meet our policies and processes in areas such as data governance, privacy, digital safety, responsible AI, and cybersecurity. It may take longer than expected to realize the full economic benefits from these transactions and arrangements, such as increased revenue or enhanced efficiencies, or the benefits may ultimately be smaller than we expected, which could cause an impairment of goodwill or intangibles. We have recorded, and may in the future be required to record, a significant charge in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, negatively affecting our results of operations. In addition, these transactions and arrangements have been and may be subject to legal and regulatory challenge. These events could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations.

CYBERSECURITY, DATA PRIVACY, AND PLATFORM ABUSE RISKS

Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation or competitive position.

Security of our information technology

Threats to security can take a variety of forms. Threat actors, including individual and groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including nation-states, state-sponsored organizations, or cybercriminal groups, continuously undertake attacks that pose threats to our customers and our internal infrastructure, and we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in which such actors have gained unauthorized access to our systems and data, as well as customer, partner, and supplier systems and data. These actors use a wide variety of methods, which include developing and deploying malicious software; exploiting known, latent, or potential vulnerabilities or intentionally designed processes in our or third-party hardware, software, or other infrastructure to attack our products and services or gain access to our networks and datacenters; using social engineering and AI-assisted techniques to induce our employees, users, partners, suppliers, or customers to disclose sensitive information, such as passwords, or take other actions to gain access to our data or our users’ or customers’ data; or acting in a coordinated manner or conducting coordinated attacks. For example, as previously disclosed in our Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 

17

PART I

Item 1A

 

Commission on January 19, 2024 and amended on March 8, 2024, beginning in late November 2023, a nation-state associated threat actor used a password spray attack to compromise a legacy test account and, in turn, gain access to Microsoft email accounts. The threat actor used information it obtained to gain unauthorized access to some of our source code repositories and internal systems, and the threat actor could continue to utilize this and other information to attempt to gain access to our systems or otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations. This incident has and may continue to result in harm to our reputation and customer relationships. Nation-state and state-sponsored actors can sustain malicious activities for extended periods and deploy significant resources to plan and carry out attacks. Nation-state attacks against us, our customers, suppliers, or partners have and may continue to intensify due to our transparency to our customers, other stakeholders, and the public about cyberattacks, and during elections or periods of intense diplomatic or armed conflict. Challenges or failures to update or apply security patches to all hardware and devices connected to our systems, including end-of-life and end-of-support equipment, have and may continue to result in unauthorized access to our systems and data in the future. Cyber incidents and attacks, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, competitive position, and reputation, or expose us to legal or regulatory risk.

Cyberthreats are constantly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, increasing the difficulty of preventing, detecting and successfully defending against them. Threat actors also utilize emerging technologies such as AI and machine learning to, among other things, increase the speed and scale of attacks by generating and refining malicious content and code, automate reconnaissance and targeting, accelerate their ability to detect or exploit vulnerabilities, and rapidly iterate on attack techniques, which can broaden the scope, intensity, and sophistication of campaigns and reduce the time we have to identify and mitigate emerging threats. Our current capabilities may not detect certain vulnerabilities or new attack methods, which may allow them to persist in the environment over long periods of time. It may be difficult to determine the best way to investigate, mitigate, contain, and remediate the harm caused by a cyber incident. Such efforts may not be successful, and we may make errors or fail to take necessary actions. It is possible that threat actors may gain undetected access to other networks and systems after establishing a foothold on an internal system. Cyber incidents and attacks can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across our internal networks and systems, as well as those of our partners and customers. In addition, it may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks. As a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to provide prompt, full, and reliable information about the incident to our customers, partners, suppliers, regulators, and the public. Breaches of our facilities, network, or data security can disrupt the security of our systems and business applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers and protect the privacy of their data, result in product development delays, compromise confidential or technical business information, result in theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, subject us to ransomware attacks, require us to allocate more resources to improve technologies or remediate the impacts of attacks, or otherwise adversely affect our business. In addition, actions taken to remediate an incident could result in outages, data losses, and disruptions of our services.

Our internal environment continues to evolve. Often, we are early adopters of new devices and technologies. We embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers using methods such as social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies. Increasing use of AI, including models, algorithms, copilots, and autonomous or semi-autonomous agents, in our internal or third-party systems may create new attack surfaces or methods for adversaries. Our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with emerging threats or the evolving regulatory landscape.

Inadequate account security or organizational security practices, including those of companies we have acquired or those of the third parties we utilize, have resulted and may result in unauthorized access to our systems and data, including customer systems and data. For example, passwords may not be rotated and employee access may not be updated or removed on a timely basis. Further, third parties that we utilize may also face the AI-based enhanced cybersecurity risk as described elsewhere in these risk factors. Employees or third parties may intentionally compromise our or our users’ security or systems or reveal confidential information, and laws in certain jurisdictions may compel actions by such parties against our interests and could limit our recourse. Malicious actors have and may continue to exploit the supply chain to compromise our systems by, for example, injecting malware, including through software updates or compromised supplier or open-source software code, accounts, or hardware. Incidents involving the supply chain, including third-party vendors, suppliers, service providers, open-source software, or customer environments, may adversely affect our systems and our products and services, even where our own systems are not directly compromised.

18

PART I

Item 1A

 

Security of our products, services, devices, and customers’ data

The security of our products and services is important in our customers’ decisions to purchase or use our products or services across cloud and on-premises environments. Security threats are a significant challenge to companies like us, whose business is providing technology products and services to others. Threats to, or attacks on, our own infrastructure, such as the nation-state attack described in the prior risk factor, have also affected our customers and may do so in the future. The reliability of our cloud-based services and the protection of customer data depend on the security of our infrastructure and the security of third-party infrastructure upon which we rely, which includes hardware, software, and other elements provided by third parties. Adversaries tend to focus their efforts on the most popular operating systems, programs, and services, including many of ours, as well as customers with sensitive data, and we expect that to continue. In addition, adversaries can attack our customers’ on-premises or cloud environments, sometimes exploiting previously unknown (“zero-day”) vulnerabilities. Product vulnerabilities can persist even after we have issued security patches if customers have not installed the most recent updates, or if attackers, potentially with the assistance of artificial intelligence, reconstruct and exploit the vulnerabilities before patching. Attackers may utilize vulnerabilities to install malware to further compromise customers’ systems. Adversaries will continue to attack customers as they embrace digital transformation. Adversaries that acquire user account information can use that information to compromise our users’ accounts, including where accounts share the same attributes such as passwords. Inadequate account security practices may also result in unauthorized access, and user activity may result in ransomware or other malicious software impacting a customer’s use of our products or services. Our products are highly complex and weaknesses may exist in our development processes. For example, code generated by AI could include errors, deficiencies, or vulnerabilities that increase our exposure to cyberattacks. Additionally, open-source software can also contain vulnerabilities that may make our products susceptible to cyberattacks as we increasingly incorporate open-source software into our products. Accordingly, our products have and may continue to contain vulnerabilities or undetected errors.

Our customers operate complex systems with third-party hardware and software from multiple vendors that may include systems acquired over many years. They expect our products and services to support all these systems and products, including those that no longer incorporate the strongest current security advances or standards. As a result, we may not be able to discontinue support of our services for a product, service, standard, or feature solely because a more secure alternative is available. Failure to utilize the most current security advances and standards can increase our customers’ vulnerability to attack. Further, the rapid evolution of AI technologies and use cases may outpace the development, deployment, and effectiveness of security products, controls, and industry standards, particularly in complex customer environments, increasing the risk that security measures will be insufficient to address newly emerging threats. Customers of widely varied sizes and technical sophistication use our technology, and consequently may still have limited capabilities and resources to help them adopt and implement state-of-the-art cybersecurity practices and technologies. In addition, we must account for this wide variation of technical sophistication when defining default settings for our products and services, including security default settings, as these settings may limit or otherwise impact other aspects of operations and some customers may have limited capability to review and reset these defaults.

Cyberattacks could adversely impact our customers even if our production services are not directly compromised. We are committed to notifying our customers whose systems have been impacted as we become aware and have actionable information for customers to help protect themselves. We are also committed to providing guidance and support on detection, tracking, and remediation. We may not be able to detect the existence or extent of these attacks for all of our customers or have information on how to detect or track an attack, especially where an attack involves on-premises software such as Exchange Server where we may have no or limited visibility into our customers’ computing environments.

Any of the foregoing events could result in reputational harm, loss of revenue, increased costs, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Development and deployment of defensive measures

To defend against security threats to our internal infrastructure, our cloud-based services, and our customers’ systems, we must take a complex and multifaceted approach. This includes continuously engineering more secure products and services, and enhancing security, threat detection, and reliability features, including through the deployment of AI-based and automated defenses. We must also escalate and improve our development processes and the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities in our own products as well as those provided by others in a timely manner. In addition, we must develop mitigation technologies that help to secure customers from attacks even 

19

PART I

Item 1A

 

when software updates are not deployed, and maintain the digital security infrastructure that protects the integrity of our network, products, and services. Further, we must provide security tools such as firewalls, anti-virus software, and advanced security and information about the need to deploy security measures and the impact of doing so.

The cost of these measures to protect products and customer-facing services could reduce our operating margins. If we fail to do these things well, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our processes, products, and services, data corruption issues, or reduced performance could harm our reputation and lead customers to exercise contractual or other remedies against us, reduce or delay future purchases of products or subscriptions to services, or to use competing products or services. Customers and third parties granted access to customer systems may fail to update their systems, continue to run software or operating systems we no longer support, may fail to timely install or enable security patches, or may otherwise fail to adopt adequate security practices, including in response to enhanced AI-based threats. Customers may also spend more on protecting their existing computer systems from attack, which could delay adoption of additional products or services. Customers in certain industries such as financial services, health care, and government have enhanced or specialized expectations and requirements to which we must develop and engineer our products and services. Any of these could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. Actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us. Our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, but these provisions may not withstand legal challenges. At times, to achieve commercial objectives, we may enter into agreements with larger liability exposure to customers.

Our products operate in conjunction with and are dependent on products and components across a broad ecosystem of third parties. If there is a security vulnerability in one of these components, and if there is a security exploit targeting it, we could experience adverse impacts to our results of operations, reputation, or competitive position.

Disclosure and misuse of personal data could result in liability and harm our reputation. As we continue to grow the number, breadth, and scale of our cloud-based offerings, we store and process increasingly large amounts of personal data of our customers and users. The continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security. Our security controls over personal data, our training of employees and third parties on data security, and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure or misuse of customer or user data we or our vendors store and manage. Relatedly, we may fail to identify or mitigate insider threat activities that could lead to the misuse of our systems or customer and user data. In addition, third parties who have limited access to our customer or user data may use this data in unauthorized ways. Improper disclosure or misuse could harm our reputation, lead to legal exposure to customers or users, or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. Our software products and services also enable our customers and users to store and process personal data on-premises or in a cloud-based environment we host. Government authorities can sometimes require us to produce customer or user data in response to valid legal orders. In the U.S. and elsewhere, we advocate for transparency concerning these requests and appropriate limitations on government authority to compel disclosure. Perceptions that the collection, use, and retention of personal information is not satisfactorily protected could inhibit sales of our products or services and could limit adoption of our cloud-based solutions by consumers, businesses, and government entities. Additional security measures we take to address customer or user concerns, or constraints on our flexibility to determine where and how to operate datacenters in response to customer or user expectations or governmental rules or actions, may increase costs or hinder sales of our products and services.

We may not be able to protect information in our products and services from use by others. LinkedIn and other Microsoft products and services contain valuable information and content protected by contractual restrictions or technical measures. In certain cases, we have made commitments to our members and users to limit access to or use of this information. Limitations on our ability to prevent third parties from scraping or gathering information or content through use of bots or other measures and using it for their own benefit due to, among other things, changes in the law, interpretations of law, or increasing use of agentic AI, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

20

PART I

Item 1A

 

Abuse of our platforms may harm our reputation or user engagement.

Advertising, professional, marketplace, and gaming platform abuses

For platform products and services that provide content or host ads that come from or can be influenced by third parties, our reputation or user engagement may be negatively affected by activity that is hostile or inappropriate. This activity may come from users impersonating other people or organizations, including through the use of AI technologies, dissemination of information that may be viewed as misleading or intended to manipulate the opinions of our users, or the use of our products or services that violates our terms of service or otherwise for objectionable or illegal ends. Preventing or responding to these actions may require us to make substantial investments in people and technology and these investments may not be successful, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Other digital safety abuses

Our services may be used to find, generate, store, or disseminate harmful or illegal content in violation of our terms or applicable law. We may not proactively discover such content due to scale, the limitations of existing technologies, and conflicting legal frameworks. This content may negatively affect users, our reputation, our brands, or could impact our business in certain markets. Regulatory enforcement is increasingly focused on product design, safety-by-design, and the responsibility of platform providers. At the same time, laws designed to reduce risks to children are driving new obligations for age-assurance systems, age-appropriate design, and parental controls across the online ecosystem, including within app stores and operating systems. In addition, certain AI technologies, including conversational or emotionally engaging AI systems, may present distinct risks for children and adolescents. Failure to comply with these requirements may subject us to enhanced regulatory oversight, civil or criminal liability, fines and penalties, or other reputational damage, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our products and services, how they are used by customers, and how third-party products and services interact with them, may present security, privacy, and execution risks. Our products and services may contain defects in design, manufacture, or operation that make them insecure or ineffective for their intended purposes. For example, customers control our products and services, including our AI products, within their environments, and may deploy them in high-risk scenarios or utilize them inappropriately. Our products may also collect large amounts of data in manners which may not satisfy customers or regulatory requirements. Our customers also operate complex systems with third-party hardware and software from multiple vendors whose products or personnel may take or fail to take actions which impact the reliability or security of our products and services. If our products and services do not work as intended, are utilized in methods not intended, violate the law, or harm individuals or businesses, we may be subject to legal claims or enforcement actions. These risks, if realized, may increase our costs, damage our reputation, or adversely affect our results of operations.

Issues in the development, deployment, and use of AI may result in reputational or competitive harm or liability. We are providing access to AI across our offerings and enabling customers and partners to build AI-based solutions using our platforms. These capabilities may be developed by Microsoft or third parties and are becoming an increasing part of our business. The increasing scale and adoption of AI amplifies challenges that may affect its development, deployment, and use, which could give rise to reputational, competitive, or legal harm. Our AI models and the methodologies used to train them may be flawed. Datasets may be overbroad, insufficient, or contain biased or inaccurate information. Content generated by AI systems may be offensive, illegal, inaccurate, or otherwise harmful. Ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by Microsoft or others could result in incidents that impair the acceptance of AI solutions, cause harm to individuals, customers, or society, or result in our products and services not working as intended. Human review of certain inputs and outputs or other forms of human oversight may be required, including for agentic AI systems that can take actions autonomously. Companion or highly-personalized AI systems may result in over-reliance or dependence by users that is harmful. Our implementation of AI systems could result in legal liability, regulatory action, litigation, brand, reputational, or competitive harm, or other adverse impacts. These risks may stem from issues related to AI model and system capabilities, intellectual property, data privacy, product liability, and other claims associated with AI training, outputs, and system behavior. They are further compounded by the evolving regulatory landscape, with new laws emerging globally and increased scrutiny from regulators and lawmakers. Certain AI technologies and use cases present ethical issues or may have broad or uneven impacts on society or vulnerable groups within society. There is also rising divergence globally in how to address these issues and impacts, with the result that we will need to navigate a web of different tensions across geographies. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, instances in which the AI solutions we enable or offer produce unintended consequences, are used or customized in unforeseen ways by customers or partners, or operate in a 

21

PART I

Item 1A

 

manner inconsistent with our responsible AI policies and practices. These outcomes may give rise to public controversy, societal concerns, or regulatory actions relating to human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, and could adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, business, financial condition, and results of operations.

OPERATIONAL RISKS

We may be unable to develop and expand adequate infrastructure. Our increasing user traffic, our growth in services, and the complexity of our products and services demand more infrastructure capacity and computing power. We have spent and will continue to spend substantial amounts to build, purchase, or lease datacenters and equipment and to upgrade our technology and network infrastructure. Our infrastructure capacity depends on the availability of permitted and buildable land, predictable and affordable energy, networking supplies, and servers, including graphics processing units and other components. These demands continue to increase as we introduce new products and services and support the growth and the augmentation of existing services, and scale further the incorporation of AI features and/or functionality. We are rapidly growing our business of providing a platform and back-end hosting for services provided by third parties to their end users. In addition, infrastructure in certain geographies carries higher safety and reliability risks. Maintaining, securing, and expanding our infrastructure globally is expensive and complex. 

The availability, reliability, and cost of electrical power are critical to the operation and expansion of our datacenters. In many regions, electricity generation, transmission, and distribution infrastructure is experiencing increasing demand and capacity constraints. Limitations in power availability, delays in obtaining power connections, outages, shortages, increased energy costs, or requirements imposed by utilities, regulators, or other market participants could restrict our ability to develop or expand datacenter capacity. In addition, alternative energy sources and other emerging solutions may not be available in sufficient quantities, may not timely scale to meet our requirements, or may be available only at higher costs. If we are unable to secure adequate power resources on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to support customer demand and execute our growth strategy could be adversely affected.

Our ability to develop additional capacity is also subject to land availability, zoning restrictions, environmental reviews, permitting requirements, and other regulatory approvals. Changes in governmental policies, permitting processes, environmental regulations, sustainability requirements, building standards, energy regulations, or other factors beyond our control may delay projects, restrict development opportunities, impose additional compliance obligations, or increase costs. We also face community opposition, state and local moratoriums, and hyper-local dissent, as well as increasingly coordinated opposition to infrastructure development across jurisdictions, including through the involvement or influence of elected officials, policymakers, and advocacy groups. Our failure to navigate successfully any of these challenges may delay projects, restrict development opportunities, impose additional compliance obligations, or increase costs. 

The construction and operation of datacenters also requires significant numbers of skilled technical, engineering, construction, and operational personnel. Labor shortages, competition for talent, wage inflation, labor disputes, immigration restrictions, or shortages of specialized contractors could increase operating and construction costs, extend project timelines, and adversely affect our ability to deploy infrastructure at the pace required to meet demand.

We may experience supply problems. There are limited suppliers for certain critical device and datacenter components, and those items are in short supply. We continue to identify and evaluate opportunities to expand our datacenter locations and increase our server capacity to meet the evolving needs of our customers, particularly given the growing demand for AI products and services. Our competitors are also scaling their infrastructure and use some of the same suppliers and materials for hardware components as we do, which impacts price and availability. We depend on the timely availability of critical hardware, equipment, and components used to construct and operate datacenters and related infrastructure. We have experienced and may continue to experience supply constraints, including shortages of semiconductors, networking equipment, power systems, cooling equipment, and other key components. Expanding manufacturing or supply capacity for certain components may require significant investments and multi-year lead times. As components are delayed or become unavailable or more expensive, whether because of supplier capacity constraint, industry shortages, legal or regulatory changes that restrict supply sources, geopolitical tensions, trade restrictions, tariffs, transportation disruptions, supplier financial distress, natural disasters, public health events, instability in regions important to our or our suppliers’ supply chains, or other reasons, we may not obtain timely replacement supplies, or may be able to obtain supplies only by entering into long-term purchase commitments, price commitments, paying prices above prevailing market rates, or other arrangements on terms that are less favorable than prevailing market terms. Any delay or inability to obtain necessary equipment, hardware, or components on acceptable terms and timelines could delay infrastructure deployments, result in reduced sales, higher costs, or 

22

PART I

Item 1A

 

inadequate datacenter capacity to support the delivery and continued development of our products and services. Component shortages, excess or obsolete inventory, or price reductions resulting in inventory adjustments have and may increase our cost of revenue. 

In addition to infrastructure, other products such as XBOX consoles, Surface devices, and other hardware are similarly subject to supply chain challenges and disruptions, resulting in shortages which could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We may experience outages, disruptions, or capacity constraints if we fail to maintain and operate adequate infrastructure or secure the resources necessary to support it. Maintaining, securing, and operating our infrastructure requires that we maintain an Internet connectivity infrastructure and storage and compute capacity that is robust, resilient, and reliable within competitive, economic, and regulatory constraints that continue to evolve. The cost or availability of critical resources necessary to support our infrastructure, including power, networking supplies, servers, graphics processing units, and other components, could be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including supply chain and energy issues, evolving environmental or other regulations, and geopolitical disruptions.

In addition to datacenters we own or operate, we rely on third-party providers, including colocation facilities, leased datacenters, and cloud infrastructure providers, to support portions of our operations. If any of these providers fail to meet our requirements, or experience service interruptions, operational failures, capacity constraints, physical damage, cybersecurity incidents, or other disruptions, our ability to provide services, maintain system performance, or meet customer expectations could be negatively impacted.

Inefficiencies or operational failures, including temporary or permanent loss of customer data, outages, insufficient Internet connectivity, insufficient or unavailable power or water supply, inefficient operation of our of our cloud-based and AI products and services on our infrastructure, or inadequate storage and compute capacity could diminish the actual or perceived quality of our products, services, and user experience, resulting in contractual liability, claims by customers and other third parties, regulatory actions, damage to our reputation, and loss of current and potential users, subscribers, and advertisers, each of which could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations.

We may experience other quality problems. Our AI and other software products and services also have and may in the future experience quality or reliability problems. The processes we use to develop our software are imperfect. Like all software, our software contains bugs and other defects that interfere with their intended operation. Our customers rely on us for critical business functions and multiple workloads. Many of our products and services are interdependent on one another. Our products and services may be impacted by interaction with third-party products and services. Our customers may also utilize their own or third-party products and services whose reliability is dependent on interaction with our products and services. Each of these circumstances potentially magnifies the impact of quality or reliability issues. Weaknesses in our processes could result in defects we do not detect and fix in pre-release testing, which could cause reduced sales, damage to our reputation, repair or remediation costs, delays in the release of new products or versions, or legal liability, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Although our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, these provisions may not withstand legal challenge.

Our datacenters and our hardware products such as XBOX consoles, Surface devices, and other devices we design and market are highly complex. Failure to prevent, detect, or address defects in design, manufacture, or associated software could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

LEGAL, REGULATORY, AND LITIGATION RISKS

We are subject to a variety of new, existing, and evolving legal and regulatory requirements that could adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to a wide range of laws, regulations, and legal requirements in the U.S. and globally, including those that may apply to our products and online services offerings, and those that impose requirements related to user privacy, cybersecurity, telecommunications, data storage and protection, digital accessibility, advertising, and online safety. Laws in several jurisdictions, including EU Member State laws under the European Electronic Communications Code, increasingly define certain of our services as regulated services. This trend may continue with our offerings becoming subject to additional data protection, security, digital safety, law enforcement surveillance, and other obligations. Regulators and private litigants may assert that our collection, use, and management of customer data and other information is inconsistent with their laws and regulations, including laws that apply to the tracking of users via technology such as cookies. In addition, laws requiring us to 

23

PART I

Item 1A

 

retrieve and produce customer data in response to compulsory legal demands from law enforcement and governmental authorities are evolving and the requests we are experiencing are increasing in volume and complexity. 

New, existing, and evolving laws and regulations, or interpretations or applications of existing laws and regulations in a manner inconsistent with our interpretations of such laws and regulations or our practices, may result in modification of our products and services, altered business models and operations, increased costs, reputational damage, and civil or criminal liability. Examples include laws and regulations regarding: 

•
Competition laws and new market regulation: Government agencies closely scrutinize us under U.S. and foreign competition laws. Governments are actively enforcing competition laws and regulations and enacting new regulations to intervene in digital markets, and this includes markets such as the EU, the United Kingdom, the U.S., and China. Some jurisdictions also allow competitors or consumers to assert claims of anti-competitive conduct. U.S. and foreign antitrust authorities have previously brought enforcement actions and continue to scrutinize our business. Competition law enforcement actions and court decisions along with new market regulations may result in fines or hinder our ability to provide the benefits of our software to consumers and businesses, reducing the attractiveness of our products and the revenue that comes from them. New competition law actions or obligations under market regulation schemes could be initiated, potentially using previous actions as precedent. 
•
AI: Legislative and regulatory action is evolving with respect to AI, which could increase costs or restrict opportunity. For example, the EU’s AI Act may increase costs or impact the provision or operation of our AI models and services in the European market. In addition, governments may impose restrictions on the development, deployment, availability, or cross-border access to advanced AI models based on safety, cybersecurity, or national security or may apply laws to AI models in ways we cannot anticipate. AI regulatory areas include model and system development and deployment, frontier model safety, transparency, content provenance, digital replicas, and AI companions. 
•
Anti-corruption: The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and other anti-corruption laws and regulations (“Anti-Corruption Laws”) prohibit corrupt payments by our employees, vendors, or agents, and the accounting provisions of the FCPA require us to maintain accurate books and records and adequate internal controls. From time to time, we receive inquiries from authorities in the U.S. and elsewhere which may be based on reports from employees and others about our business activities and our compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws. Periodically, we receive such reports directly and investigate them and also cooperate with investigations by U.S. and foreign law enforcement authorities.
•
Trade: Increasing trade laws, policies, sanctions, and other regulatory requirements also affect our operations in and outside the U.S. relating to trade and investment. Economic sanctions in the U.S., the EU, and other countries could prohibit business with restricted entities or countries. U.S. export controls restrict Microsoft from offering many of its products and services to, or making investments in, certain entities in specified countries. U.S. import controls restrict us from integrating certain information and communication technologies into our supply chain and allow for government review of transactions involving information and communications technology from countries determined to be foreign adversaries. Supply chain regulations may impact the availability of goods or result in additional regulatory scrutiny. Restrictions on data flows and outbound investment and customer sensitivities may limit our ability to leverage parts of our global engineering footprint to provide services in certain jurisdictions. Increased geopolitical instabilities and changing U.S. Administration priorities create an unpredictable trade landscape. U.S. tariffs, shifting AI export controls policies, and disagreements among governments on sanctions policies toward third countries, has and may continue to increase operational costs, create uncertainty in the continuity of our products, and accelerate sovereignty initiatives among international partners and customers. The volatility of U.S. tariffs has triggered economic uncertainty and could impact cloud and devices supply chain cost competitiveness. The potential replacement of the rescinded AI Diffusion Rule, expanded export license conditions, and other potential AI-related rulemakings could adversely affect Microsoft’s business, strategy, and operations. Periods of intense diplomatic or armed conflict, such as the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East could continue to result in (1) new and rapidly evolving sanctions and trade restrictions, which may impair trade with sanctioned individuals and countries, and (2) negative impacts to regional trade ecosystems among our customers, partners, and us.
24

PART I

Item 1A

 

•
Cybersecurity: Legislative and regulatory actions related to cybersecurity may increase the costs associated with developing, implementing, or securing our products and services. The legal and regulatory environment in this area is complex and continues to evolve across multiple jurisdictions. As a result, there is considerable uncertainty regarding both current and future compliance obligations. This uncertainty increases the risk that we may incur additional operational costs, face regulatory enforcement actions, or encounter challenges in the development and deployment of our products.
•
Handling of personal data: Legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, and transfer of personal data globally continue to evolve. The growth of our Internet- and cloud-based services internationally relies on the movement of data across national boundaries. Data protection authorities and governments in the EU and other markets have and may again restrict and/or block the use of services that involve the transfer of data across borders. New and evolving rules and restrictions on the flow of data across borders could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our products and services. In addition, the EU General Data Protection Regulation and other similar regulations impose a range of compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data. New requirements related to the use of data, including the Data Act, add additional rules and restrictions on the use of data in our products and services.
•
Environmental, Social, and Governance: Laws, regulations, and policies relating to environmental, social, and governance matters are being developed and formalized in Europe, the U.S., and elsewhere, which may include greenhouse gas emissions and energy usage caps, permitting, reporting, procurement, operational, and infrastructure-siting requirements as well as specific, target-driven environmental, social, and governance frameworks and disclosure requirements. These laws, regulations, and policies may require significant investments or operational changes and may result in new or unexpected costs. In addition, in 2020 we announced goals to become carbon negative, water positive, and zero waste by 2030. AI development and deployment has and will likely continue to raise energy use and emissions, making it harder to meet these goals. Any failure or perceived failure to meet our sustainability goals, or to meet various sustainability regulatory requirements, could result in claims and lawsuits, regulatory actions, penalties, or damage to our reputation, each of which could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations.
How these laws and regulations apply to our business is often unclear, subject to change, and sometimes may conflict or be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In addition, governments’ approach to enforcement, and our products and services, are continuing to evolve. Compliance with existing, expanding, or new laws and regulations may involve significant costs and operational efforts, or require changes in products or business practices that could adversely affect our results of operations. Noncompliance could result in the imposition of penalties, criminal sanctions, or orders to cease the alleged noncompliant activity. If our products do not meet customer expectations or legal requirements, we could face regulatory or legal actions, and our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We have claims and lawsuits against us that may result in adverse outcomes. We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits. These claims may arise from a wide variety of business practices and initiatives, including major new product releases, AI products and services, significant business transactions, warranty or product claims, employment practices, and regulation. As we continue to expand our business and offerings, we may experience new and novel legal claims. Adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. Litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. An adverse impact to our financial condition and results of operations could occur for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable.

Our business with government customers may present additional uncertainties. We derive substantial revenue from government contracts. Government contracts and regulatory requirements can present risks and challenges not present in private commercial agreements. For instance, we are subject to government audits and investigations relating to these contracts, and we are required to provide assurance and attestations about our products and processes. If we do not satisfy contractual or regulatory requirements, we could be suspended or debarred as a governmental contractor, we could incur civil and criminal fines and penalties, and under certain circumstances contracts may be rescinded. Some agreements may allow a government to terminate without cause and provide for higher liability limits for certain losses. Some contracts may be subject to periodic funding approval, reductions, cancellations, or delays which could adversely impact public-sector demand for our products and services. These events could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and reputation.

25

PART I

Item 1A

 

We may have additional tax liabilities. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We may recognize additional tax expense and be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices and principles, including changes to the global tax framework, in various jurisdictions. In recent years, multiple domestic and international tax proposals were proposed to impose greater tax burdens on large multinational enterprises. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development continues to advance proposals or guidance in international taxation, including global minimum tax.

We are regularly under audit by tax authorities in different jurisdictions. Although we believe that our provision for income taxes and our tax estimates are reasonable, tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken. In addition, economic and political pressures to increase tax revenue in various jurisdictions may make resolving tax disputes favorably more difficult. We are currently under IRS audit for prior tax years and have received Notices of Proposed Adjustment (“NOPAs”) from the IRS for the tax years 2004 to 2013. The primary issues in the NOPAs relate to intercompany transfer pricing. In the NOPAs, the IRS is seeking an additional tax payment of $28.9 billion plus penalties and interest. The final resolution of the proposed adjustments, and other audits or litigation, may differ from the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and adversely affect our results of operations in the period or periods in which that determination is made.

We earn a significant amount of our operating income outside the U.S. A change in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in our business or structure, or the expiration of or disputes about certain tax agreements in a particular country may result in higher effective tax rates for the company. In addition, changes in U.S. federal and state or international tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals, other global fundamental law changes currently being considered by many countries, including in the U.S., and changes in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RISKS

We face risks related to the protection and utilization of our intellectual property that may result in our business and operating results being harmed. Protecting our intellectual property rights and combating unlicensed copying and use of our software, source code, trade secrets, and other intellectual property on a global basis is difficult. Similarly, the absence of harmonized patent laws makes it more difficult to ensure consistent respect for patent rights.

Source code, the detailed program commands for our software programs, is critical to our business. Unauthorized access to or disclosure of source code or other intellectual property may negatively impact future trade secret protection for that intellectual property. It may then become easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Unauthorized access to or disclosure of source code or other intellectual property also increases the security risks described elsewhere in these risk factors.

Third parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property. From time to time, others claim we infringe their intellectual property rights, including current copyright infringement and other claims arising from AI training, inference, and output. To resolve these claims, we may enter into royalty-bearing data access or licensing agreements on terms that are less favorable than currently available, stop selling or redesign affected products or services, or pay damages to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers. Adverse outcomes could also include monetary damages or injunctive relief that may limit or prevent importing, marketing, and selling our products or services that have infringing technologies. We have paid significant amounts to settle claims related to the use of technology and intellectual property rights and to procure intellectual property rights as part of our strategy to manage this risk, and may continue to do so, which could adversely affect our results of operations.

GENERAL RISKS

If our reputation or our brands are damaged, our business and results of operations may be harmed. Our reputation and brands are globally recognized and are important to our business. Our reputation and brands affect our ability to attract and retain consumer, business, and public-sector customers. There are numerous ways our reputation or brands could be damaged. These include product safety, quality, or accessibility issues, our environmental impact and sustainability, supply chain practices, or human rights record. We may experience backlash from customers, government entities, advocacy groups, employees, and other stakeholders that disagree with our product offering 

26

PART I

Item 1A

 

decisions, public policy positions, or corporate philanthropic initiatives. Damage to our reputation or our brands may occur from, among other things: 

•
The introduction of new features, products, services, or terms of service that customers, users, or partners do not like.
•
Public scrutiny of our decisions regarding user privacy, data practices, content, or development and deployment of AI. 
•
Data security breaches, cybersecurity incidents, responsible AI failures, compliance failures, or actions of partners or individual employees. 
Social media may increase the likelihood, speed, and magnitude of negative brand events. If our brands or reputation are damaged, it could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or ability to attract the most highly qualified employees.

Adverse economic or market conditions could harm our business. Worsening economic conditions, including inflation, recession, pandemic, or other changes in economic conditions, periods of economic uncertainty, evolution of customer demand, technology investment cycles, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, or the timing and mix of customer spending, may cause lower or delayed IT spending and adversely affect our results of operations. If demand for computing power, PCs, servers, and other computing devices declines, or consumer or business spending for those products declines, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our product distribution system relies on an extensive partner and retail network. OEMs building devices that run our software have also been a significant means of distribution. The impact of economic conditions on our partners, such as the bankruptcy of a major distributor, OEM, or retailer, could cause sales channel disruption. 

Challenging economic conditions also may impair the ability of our customers to pay for products and services they have purchased. As a result, allowances for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable may increase. 

We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. These investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by market downturns or events that affect global financial markets. A significant part of our investment portfolio consists of U.S. government securities. If global financial markets decline for long periods, or if there is a downgrade of the U.S. government credit rating due to an actual or threatened default on government debt, our investment portfolio could be adversely affected and we could determine that more of our investments have experienced a decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Catastrophic events or geopolitical conditions could disrupt our business. A disruption or failure of our systems, operations, or supply chain because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyberattack, terrorist attack, pandemic, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. As an example, our corporate headquarters, a significant portion of our research and development activities, and certain other essential business operations are in the Seattle, Washington area, and we have other business operations in the Silicon Valley area of California, both of which are seismically active regions. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or systems, or the infrastructure or systems they rely on, such as power grids, could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations or adversely affect our results of operations. Providing our customers with more services and solutions in the cloud puts a premium on the resilience of our systems and strength of our business continuity management plans and magnifies the potential negative consequences of prolonged service outages. 

Abrupt political change, terrorist activity, and armed conflict, such as the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, pose economic and other risks, which may negatively impact our ability to sell to and collect from customers, increase our operating costs, or otherwise disrupt our operations in markets both directly and indirectly impacted by such events. These conditions also may add uncertainty to the timing and budget for technology investment decisions by our customers and may cause supply chain disruptions. Geopolitical change may result in changing regulatory systems and requirements and market interventions that could impact our operating strategies, access to national, regional, and global markets, hiring, and profitability. Geopolitical instability may lead to sanctions and impact our ability to do business in some markets or with some public-sector customers. Any of these changes could adversely affect our results of operations. Changes in geopolitical conditions also increase the security risks described elsewhere in these risk factors.

27

PART I

Item 1A

 

The occurrence of regional epidemics or a global pandemic could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations. The extent to which global pandemics impact our business going forward will depend on factors such as the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business, and individuals' actions in response to the pandemic; and the impact on economic activity, including the possibility of recession or financial market instability. Measures to contain a global pandemic may intensify other risks described in these Risk Factors.

The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and the IT industry are unclear. Environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand, or available sources of energy or other resources may affect the availability or cost of goods and services, including natural resources, necessary to run our business. Changes in climate where we operate may increase the costs of powering and cooling computer hardware we use to develop software and provide cloud-based services.

Our global business exposes us to operational and economic risks. Our customers, employees, and infrastructure are located throughout the world and a significant part of our revenue comes from international sales. The global nature of our business creates operational, economic, and geopolitical risks. Global, regional, and local economic developments, monetary policy, geopolitical tension, restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on imports or exports, inflation, and recession, as well as political and military disputes, could adversely affect our results of operations. Non-compliance with sanctions as well as general ecosystem disruptions could result in reputational harm, operational delays, monetary fines, loss of revenue, increased costs, loss of export privileges, or criminal sanctions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In addition, our international growth strategy includes certain markets, the developing nature of which presents several risks, including deterioration of social, political, labor, or economic conditions in a country or region, and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations. Emerging nationalist and protectionist trends and concerns about human rights, the environment, and political expression in specific countries may significantly alter the trade and commercial environments. Changes to trade policy or agreements as a result of populism, protectionism, or economic nationalism may result in higher tariffs, local sourcing initiatives, and non-local sourcing restrictions, disagreements among governments on export controls and sanctions toward third countries, investment restrictions, or other developments that make it more difficult to operate and sell our products in foreign countries. Disruptions of these kinds in developed or emerging markets could negatively impact demand for our products and services, impair our ability to operate in certain regions, or increase operating costs. Although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. Our business is based on successfully attracting, training, and retaining talented employees representing diverse backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. Maintaining our brand and reputation, as well as an inclusive work environment that enables all our employees to thrive, are important to our ability to recruit and retain employees. We are also limited in our ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws. Restraints on the flow of technical and professional talent, including those derived from changes to U.S. immigration policies or laws, may inhibit our ability to adequately staff our research and development efforts. If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain highly skilled workers and key leaders, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services could be adversely affected. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. How employment-related laws are interpreted and applied to our workforce practices may result in increased operating costs and less flexibility in how we meet our workforce needs. Our global workforce is predominantly non-unionized, although we do have some employees in the U.S. and internationally who are represented by unions or works councils. In the U.S., there has been a general increase in workers exercising their right to form or join a union. The unionization of significant employee populations could result in higher costs and other operational changes necessary to respond to changing conditions and to establish new relationships with worker representatives.

28

PART I

Item 1B, 1C

 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our fiscal year 2026 that remain unresolved. 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 

RISK MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGY

Microsoft plays a central role in the world’s digital ecosystem. We have made it a top corporate priority to protect the computing environment used by our customers and employees and to support the resiliency of our cloud infrastructure and services, products, devices, and our internal corporate resources from determined adversaries. In response to the evolving cybersecurity threat landscape, we launched the Secure Future Initiative (“SFI”) in November 2023 and expanded the scope of SFI in May 2024. The SFI focuses our business strategy and efforts on continual improvement in cybersecurity protection.

We operate a cybersecurity program and governance framework designed to protect our computing environments against cybersecurity threats, and we have controls, policies, and procedures to identify, manage, and mitigate cybersecurity threats. Annually, we assess our cybersecurity program’s alignment with applicable industry standards. We also undertake integrated planning and preparedness activities to support business continuity and operational resiliency. We assess our program's effectiveness through a range of validation activities, which may include tabletop simulations, production environment tests, penetration and vulnerability tests, red team exercises, and other related activities. We conduct mandatory cybersecurity training, provide employees with tools to report suspected incidents and assess their own security posture, and conduct real-time simulated employee education exercises, such as phishing email campaigns designed to emulate real-world attacks. We also engage in robust cybersecurity assessments and remediation efforts for acquired companies. 

Our computing environments, products, and services are reviewed by our internal audit teams as well as independent third-party assessors. We are committed to managing the most significant risks to our strategies and ambitions, including cybersecurity risks. The Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) organization supports management in this commitment by facilitating the semiannual risk assessment, which documents the priority and status of these risks and aligns them with our strategic mitigation efforts. ERM is structured using a framework based on the Committee of Sponsoring Organization guidelines that also aligns with the International Organization for Standardization 31000:2018 Risk Management Standard.

We continuously monitor our computing environments, products, and services for vulnerabilities and signs of compromise, and we utilize our own security products, third-party security products, and leading artificial intelligence models to combat cybersecurity threats. We integrate security into our computing environments, products, and services through our Security Development Lifecycle (“SDL”). Our SDL introduces security and privacy considerations throughout all phases of our development process and through the adoption of zero-trust end-to-end architecture. 

When appropriate, we utilize external service providers and tools to assess, test, or otherwise assist our program. We also leverage third parties by working with external researchers, operating bug bounty programs, and managing coordinated vulnerability disclosure programs with security organizations. We maintain a systematic approach to assessing and controlling the cybersecurity risks presented by third-party service providers. We require third-party service providers to manage their cybersecurity risks in defined ways, undergo cybersecurity reviews, notify us of cyber events, and satisfy additional contractual requirements.

We seek to improve the entire cybersecurity ecosystem through multistakeholder diplomacy to set and uphold expectations for state behavior, advancement of government policy that strengthens cybersecurity and resiliency, disruption and deterrence of cybercrime, protection of national security interests, and disruption of digital threats to democracies. We also establish processes and innovate solutions for us and our customers to address the growing number and complexity of cybersecurity regulations.

29

PART I

Item 1C

 

When we experience a cybersecurity incident, we utilize our well-established incident response plans that operate both across the company and at the product and services level. Incidents are first triaged for severity, and then more deeply assessed to establish a plan of record and activate internal and external notification, disclosure, and communication plans, as applicable. Engineering and development resources are mobilized to resolve or remediate the incident. Following resolution, we conduct post incident reviews for incidents that meet established criteria to capture learnings and strengthen our processes.

We describe the risks from cybersecurity threats, including previous cybersecurity incidents, in section “Risk Factors” (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K). As of the date of this Form 10-K, we do not believe any risks from cybersecurity threats have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our results of operations or financial condition. However, the cybersecurity threat environment is increasingly challenging, and we, along with the entire digital ecosystem, are under constant and increasing threat. As discussed above, our business strategy is tied to the SFI and we are committed to continuously monitoring cybersecurity threats, enhancing the security of our products, investing in our cybersecurity infrastructure, and collaborating with peers, customers, service providers, regulators, and governments to advance our and the entire digital ecosystem’s cybersecurity defenses and resiliency.

GOVERNANCE

Our Board of Directors oversees cybersecurity risk. Cybersecurity reviews by the Board are scheduled to occur at least quarterly, or more frequently as determined to be necessary or advisable. Presentations to the Board of Directors are made by senior management, including our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), our EVP of Microsoft Security, our EVP of Cloud + AI, and the head of our Customer Security and Trust organization. The presentations address topics such as cybersecurity threats, incidents, top risks and related remediation efforts, results from internal and third-party assessments, progress towards risk-mitigation goals, the functioning of our incident response program, regulatory developments, and digital diplomacy efforts. In addition, we have an escalation process in place to inform senior management and the Board of significant issues. Cybersecurity issues are also considered during separate Board meeting discussions regarding important matters like ERM, audit issues, operational budgeting, business continuity planning, mergers and acquisitions, brand management, and other relevant matters.

Our CISO leads the strategy, engineering, and operations of cybersecurity across the company, and reports to the EVP of Cloud + AI. Our CISO has extensive experience assessing and managing cybersecurity programs and cybersecurity risk. Before joining Microsoft, our CISO served in a prior Chief Technology Officer role as well as in senior leadership, engineering, and operational roles within multiple organizations. In addition to the Board’s oversight of cybersecurity risk, to support the CISO, we have established a Cybersecurity Governance Council (“CGC”) charged with overseeing initiatives that safeguard Microsoft’s computing environments, products, and services. The CGC is comprised of an executive-level team of Deputy CISOs with cybersecurity backgrounds and expertise relevant to their roles. The CGC’s responsibilities include approving our enterprise security risk assessment process and results, determining the appropriate cybersecurity risk level and mitigations, reviewing the industry standard alignment, and supporting compliance with cybersecurity regulations. Our cybersecurity efforts are supported directly by Microsoft’s security and threat intelligence experts and our employees across the company, all of whom receive cybersecurity awareness training and education and are expected to support our efforts.

30

PART I

Item 2, 3, 4

 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our corporate headquarters are located in Redmond, Washington. We have approximately 14 million square feet of space located in King County, Washington that is used for engineering, sales, marketing, and operations, among other general and administrative purposes. These facilities include approximately 12 million square feet of owned space situated on approximately 520 acres of land we own at our corporate headquarters, and approximately 2 million square feet of space we lease. 

We own and lease other facilities domestically and internationally, primarily for offices, datacenters, and research and development. The largest owned international properties include space in the following locations: China, India, Ireland, the Netherlands, and Sweden. The largest leased international properties include space in the following locations: Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. 

The table below shows a summary of the square footage of our properties owned and leased domestically and internationally as of June 30, 2026:

 

(Square feet in millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Location 

 

Owned

 

 

Leased

 

 

Total

 

 

 

 

 

U.S.

 

 

41

 

 

 

24

 

 

 

65

 

International

 

 

17

 

 

 

30

 

 

 

47

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total 

 

 

58

 

 

 

54

 

 

 

112

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Refer to Note 14 – Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable.

31

PART II

Item 5

 

PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

MARKET AND STOCKHOLDERS 

Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol MSFT. On July 23, 2026, there were 74,199 registered holders of record of our common stock.

SHARE REPURCHASES AND DIVIDENDS

Following are our monthly share repurchases for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2026:

 

Period

 

Total Number

of Shares

Purchased

 

 

Average Price

Paid Per Share

 

 

Total Number of

Shares Purchased

as Part of Publicly

Announced Plans

or Programs

 

 

Approximate Dollar

Value of Shares That

May Yet Be

Purchased Under the

Plans or Programs

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

April 1, 2026 – April 30, 2026

 

 

1,002,119

 

 

$

398.88

 

 

 

1,002,119

 

 

$

43,630

 

May 1, 2026 – May 31, 2026

 

 

3,559,509

 

 

 

416.81

 

 

 

3,559,509

 

 

 

42,147

 

June 1, 2026 – June 30, 2026

 

 

3,828,061

 

 

 

396.19

 

 

 

3,828,061

 

 

 

40,630

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

8,389,689

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

8,389,689

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

All share repurchases were made using cash resources. Our share repurchases may occur through open market purchases or pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. The above table excludes shares repurchased to settle employee tax withholding related to the vesting of stock awards. 

Our Board of Directors declared the following dividends during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2026: 

 

Declaration Date

 

 

Record Date

 

 

 

Payment Date

 

 

 

Dividend

Per Share

 

 

 

Amount

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 10, 2026

 

 

August 20, 2026

 

 

 

September 10, 2026

 

 

$

0.91

 

 

$

6,759

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We returned $10.2 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2026. Refer to Note 15 – Stockholders’ Equity of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for further discussion regarding share repurchases and dividends.

32

PART II

Item 6

 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]

 

33

PART II

Item 7

 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of Microsoft Corporation. MD&A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). This section generally discusses the results of our operations for the year ended June 30, 2026 compared to the year ended June 30, 2025. For a discussion of the year ended June 30, 2025 compared to the year ended June 30, 2024, please refer to Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2025.

OVERVIEW

Microsoft is a technology company committed to making digital technology and artificial intelligence (“AI”) available broadly and doing so responsibly, with a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We create platforms and applications, powered by AI, that deliver innovative solutions that meet the evolving needs of our customers. 

We generate revenue by offering a wide range of cloud-based solutions, content, and other services to people and businesses; licensing and supporting an array of software products; delivering relevant online advertising to a global audience; and designing and selling devices. Our most significant expenses are related to compensating employees; supporting and investing in our cloud-based services, including datacenter operations; designing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling our other products and services; and income taxes.

Highlights from fiscal year 2026 compared with fiscal year 2025 included:

•
Microsoft Cloud revenue increased 27% to $214.4 billion.
•
Commercial remaining performance obligation increased 84% to $678 billion.
•
Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud revenue increased 17%.
•
Microsoft 365 Consumer cloud revenue increased 28%.
•
LinkedIn revenue increased 11%.
•
Dynamics 365 revenue increased 18%.
•
Azure and other cloud services revenue increased 41%.
•
Windows OEM and Devices revenue decreased slightly.
•
XBOX content and services revenue decreased 5%.
•
Search advertising (formerly Search and news advertising) revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs increased 12%.
Industry Trends and Opportunities

Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. At Microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces.

We have a long-term strategic partnership with OpenAI which was originally established in 2019. In October 2025 and April 2026, we extended this partnership and continue to build on our shared vision to advance artificial intelligence responsibly and make its benefits broadly accessible. Microsoft is a major investor in OpenAI and will continue to receive revenue-sharing payments. We hold rights to OpenAI’s intellectual property, including models and infrastructure, for integration into our products.

34

PART II

Item 7

 

Economic Conditions, Challenges, and Risks

The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive. Our competitors are developing new software and devices, while also deploying competing cloud-based services for consumers and businesses. The devices and form factors customers prefer evolve rapidly, influencing how users access services in the cloud and, in some cases, the user’s choice of which suite of cloud-based services to use. Aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is also correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. 

The investments we are making in cloud and AI infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. We continue to identify and evaluate opportunities to expand our datacenter locations and increase our server capacity to meet the evolving needs of our customers, particularly given the growing demand for AI services. Our datacenters depend on the availability of permitted and buildable land, predictable energy, networking supplies, and servers, including graphics processing units and other components. Our devices are primarily manufactured by third-party contract manufacturers. For the majority of our products, we have the ability to use other manufacturers if a current vendor becomes unavailable or unable to meet our requirements. However, some of our products contain certain components for which there are very few qualified suppliers. Extended or unforeseen disruptions, or limited availability of components from these suppliers could impact our ability to operate our datacenters and manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand. 

Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We hire a mix of university and industry talent worldwide. We compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, the ability to grow one’s career across many different products and businesses, and competitive compensation and benefits.

Our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. Many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a result, changes in foreign exchange rates may significantly affect revenue and expenses. Fluctuations in the U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies increased reported revenue and did not have a material impact on reported expenses from our international operations in fiscal year 2026.

Further, global, regional, and local economic developments and changes in global trade policies such as restrictions on international trade, including tariffs and other controls on imports or exports, could result in increased supply chain challenges, cost volatility, and consumer and economic uncertainty which may adversely affect our results of operations.

Refer to Risk Factors (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K) for a discussion of these factors and other risks.

Seasonality

Our revenue fluctuates quarterly and is generally higher in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. Fourth quarter revenue is driven by a higher volume of multi-year contracts executed during the period. 

Reportable Segments

We report our financial performance based on the following three segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing. The segment amounts included in MD&A are presented on a basis consistent with our internal management reporting.

Additional information on our reportable segments is contained in Note 18 – Segment Information and Geographic Data of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). 

35

PART II

Item 7

 

Metrics

We use metrics in assessing the performance of our business and to make informed decisions regarding the allocation of resources. We disclose metrics to enable investors to evaluate progress against our ambitions, provide transparency into performance trends, and reflect the continued evolution of our products and services. Our commercial and other business metrics are fundamentally connected based on how customers use our products and services. The metrics are disclosed in the MD&A or the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). Financial metrics are calculated based on financial results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”), and growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period of last fiscal year.

In the first quarter of fiscal year 2026, we made updates to our metrics to align with how we manage and monitor certain businesses. As part of these updates, Microsoft 365 Consumer subscribers was removed as a metric.

Commercial

Our commercial business primarily consists of Server products and cloud services, Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, Dynamics products and cloud services, and Enterprise and partner services. Our commercial metrics allow management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of future performance.

 

Commercial remaining performance obligation 

 

Commercial portion of revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations, which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods

 

 

 

Microsoft Cloud revenue and revenue growth

 

Revenue from Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud, Azure and other cloud services, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, and Dynamics 365

 

 

 

Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage

 

Gross margin percentage for our Microsoft Cloud business 

 

Productivity and Business Processes and Intelligent Cloud

Metrics related to our Productivity and Business Processes and Intelligent Cloud segments assess the health of our core businesses within these segments. The metrics primarily reflect growth across our cloud services.

 

Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud revenue growth

 

Revenue from Microsoft 365 Commercial subscriptions, comprising Microsoft 365 Commercial, Enterprise Mobility + Security, the cloud portion of Windows Commercial, the per-user portion of Power BI, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft 365 Security and Compliance, and Microsoft 365 Copilot

 

 

 

Microsoft 365 Commercial seat growth

 

The number of Microsoft 365 Commercial seats at end of period where seats are paid users covered by a Microsoft 365 Commercial subscription

 

 

 

Microsoft 365 Consumer cloud revenue growth

 

Revenue from Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions and other consumer services

 

 

 

LinkedIn revenue growth

 

Revenue from LinkedIn, including Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions

 

 

 

Dynamics 365 revenue growth

 

Revenue from Dynamics 365, including a set of intelligent, cloud-based applications across ERP, CRM, Power Apps, and Power Automate

 

 

 

Azure and other cloud services revenue growth

 

Revenue from Azure and other cloud services, including cloud and AI consumption-based services, GitHub cloud services, Health and Life Sciences cloud services (formerly Nuance Healthcare cloud services), virtual desktop offerings, and other cloud services

 

36

PART II

Item 7

 

More Personal Computing

Metrics related to our More Personal Computing segment assess the performance of our key consumer businesses.

 

Windows OEM and Devices revenue growth

 

Revenue from sales of Windows Pro and non-Pro licenses sold through the OEM channel and sales of first-party Devices, including Surface and PC accessories

 

 

 

XBOX content and services revenue growth 

 

Revenue from XBOX content and services, comprising first- and third-party content (including games and in-game content), XBOX Game Pass and other subscriptions, XBOX Cloud Gaming, advertising, and other cloud services

 

 

 

Search advertising revenue (ex TAC) growth

 

Revenue from search advertising excluding traffic acquisition costs (“TAC”) paid to Bing Ads network publishers and content partners

 

SUMMARY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 

(In millions, except percentages and per share amounts)

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

Percentage
Change 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue

 

$

331,839

 

 

$

281,724

 

 

 

18%

 

Gross margin

 

 

225,465

 

 

 

193,893

 

 

 

16%

 

Operating income

 

 

155,237

 

 

 

128,528

 

 

 

21%

 

Net income

 

 

133,749

 

 

 

101,832

 

 

 

31%

 

Diluted earnings per share

 

 

17.95

 

 

 

13.64

 

 

 

32%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 

 

 

128,786

 

 

 

105,452

 

 

 

22%

 

Adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP)

 

 

17.28

 

 

 

14.13

 

 

 

22%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) are non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude net gains and losses from investments in OpenAI. Refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below for a reconciliation of our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP to non-GAAP financial results.

Fiscal Year 2026 Compared with Fiscal Year 2025

Revenue increased $50.1 billion or 18% driven by growth in Microsoft Cloud. Intelligent Cloud revenue increased driven by Azure. Productivity and Business Processes revenue increased driven by Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud. More Personal Computing revenue decreased driven by XBOX (formerly Gaming), offset in part by growth in Search advertising.

Cost of revenue increased $18.5 billion or 21% driven by growth in Microsoft Cloud.

Gross margin increased $31.6 billion or 16% with growth across each of our segments. 

•
Gross margin percentage decreased slightly driven by continued investments in AI infrastructure and growing AI product usage, offset in part by efficiency gains across the Microsoft Cloud.
•
Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage decreased to 66% driven by continued investments in AI infrastructure and growing AI product usage, offset in part by efficiency gains in Azure and Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud.
Operating expenses increased $4.9 billion or 7% driven by continued investments in research and development compute capacity, AI talent, and data to support product development that benefits the entire portfolio, impairment and other related expenses in our XBOX business, investments in commercial sales, and higher Copilot advertising expenses.

Operating income increased $26.7 billion or 21% driven by growth in Productivity and Business Processes and Intelligent Cloud.

Revenue and operating income both included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.

37

PART II

Item 7

 

Current year net income and diluted EPS were positively impacted by net gains from investments in OpenAI, which resulted in an increase in net income and diluted EPS of $5.0 billion and $0.67, respectively. Prior year net income and diluted EPS were negatively impacted by net losses from investments in OpenAI, which resulted in a decrease in net income and diluted EPS of $3.6 billion and $0.49, respectively.

SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 

(In millions, except percentages)

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

Percentage
Change 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Productivity and Business Processes

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue

 

$ 

139,996

 

 

$

120,810

 

 

 

16%

 

Cost of revenue

 

 

25,017

 

 

 

22,422

 

 

 

12%

 

Operating expenses

 

 

31,100

 

 

 

28,615

 

 

 

9%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating income

 

$

83,879

 

 

$

69,773

 

 

 

20%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Intelligent Cloud

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue

 

$

137,791

 

 

$

106,265

 

 

 

30%

 

Cost of revenue

 

 

57,876

 

 

 

40,171

 

 

 

44%

 

Operating expenses

 

 

22,943

 

 

 

21,505

 

 

 

7%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating income

 

$

56,972

 

 

$

44,589

 

 

 

28%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

More Personal Computing

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue

 

$

54,052

 

 

$

54,649

 

 

 

(1)%

 

Cost of revenue

 

 

23,481

 

 

 

25,238

 

 

 

(7)%

 

Operating expenses

 

 

16,185

 

 

 

15,245

 

 

 

6%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating income

 

$

14,386

 

 

$

14,166

 

 

 

2%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue

 

$

331,839

 

 

$

281,724

 

 

 

18%

 

Cost of revenue

 

 

106,374

 

 

 

87,831

 

 

 

21%

 

Operating expenses

 

 

70,228

 

 

 

65,365

 

 

 

7%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating income

 

$

155,237

 

 

$

128,528

 

 

 

21%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Reportable Segments

Fiscal Year 2026 Compared with Fiscal Year 2025 

Productivity and Business Processes 

Revenue increased $19.2 billion or 16%.

•
Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased $14.2 billion or 16%. Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud revenue grew 17% with growth in revenue per user driven by Microsoft 365 Copilot and Microsoft 365 E5. Microsoft 365 Commercial seats grew 6% driven by small and medium businesses and frontline worker offerings. Microsoft 365 Commercial products revenue grew 13% driven by growth in the Windows Commercial on-premises components of Microsoft 365 suite sales, as well as an increase in Office 2024 transactional purchasing.
•
Microsoft 365 Consumer products and cloud services revenue increased $1.8 billion or 24%. Microsoft 365 Consumer cloud revenue grew 28% driven by growth in revenue per user and Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriber growth of 7%.
•
LinkedIn revenue increased $2.0 billion or 11% with growth across all lines of business.
•
Dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased $1.2 billion or 15% driven by growth in Dynamics 365. Dynamics 365 revenue grew 18% with growth across all workloads.
38

PART II

Item 7

 

Operating income increased $14.1 billion or 20%.

•
Cost of revenue increased $2.6 billion or 12% driven by investments in AI infrastructure to support Microsoft 365 Copilot seat and usage growth.
•
Gross margin increased $16.6 billion or 17% driven by growth in Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud. Gross margin percentage increased slightly primarily driven by efficiency gains in Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud, offset in part by continued investments in AI infrastructure and growing AI product usage.
•
Operating expenses increased $2.5 billion or 9% driven by continued investments in research and development compute capacity, AI talent, and data to support product development that benefits the entire portfolio, as well as investments in commercial sales and higher Copilot advertising expenses.
Revenue, gross margin, and operating income included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%, 3%, and 3%, respectively.

Intelligent Cloud 

Revenue increased $31.5 billion or 30%.

•
Server products and cloud services revenue increased $31.0 billion or 31% driven by Azure and other cloud services. Azure and other cloud services revenue grew 41% driven by demand for services across the platform with continued growth across all workloads. Server products revenue increased 1% primarily driven by higher purchases of licenses running in multi-cloud environments, offset in part by continued customer shift to cloud.
•
Enterprise and partner services revenue increased $500 million or 6% driven by growth in Enterprise Support Services.
Operating income increased $12.4 billion or 28%.

•
Cost of revenue increased $17.7 billion or 44% driven by investments in AI infrastructure to support growing customer demand.
•
Gross margin increased $13.8 billion or 21% driven by growth in Azure. Gross margin percentage decreased driven by the continued investments in AI infrastructure as well as sales mix shift to Azure, offset in part by efficiency gains in Azure.
•
Operating expenses increased $1.4 billion or 7% driven by continued investments in research and development compute capacity, AI talent, and data to support product development that benefits the entire portfolio.
Cost of revenue included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 2%.

More Personal Computing 

Revenue decreased $597 million or 1%.

•
Windows and Devices revenue decreased $230 million or 1%. Windows OEM and Devices revenue decreased slightly driven by a decline in Devices, offset in part by Windows OEM growth of 5% with inventory levels that remained elevated.
•
XBOX revenue decreased $1.7 billion or 7% driven by declines in XBOX content and services and XBOX hardware. XBOX content and services revenue decreased 5% on a prior year comparable that benefited from strong first-party content performance, offset in part by growth in XBOX Game Pass. XBOX hardware revenue decreased 29% driven by lower volume of consoles sold. 
•
Search advertising revenue increased $1.3 billion or 9%. Search advertising revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs increased 12% driven by higher search volume and revenue per search, as well as benefit from third-party partnerships.
39

PART II

Item 7

 

Operating income increased $220 million or 2%.

•
Cost of revenue decreased $1.8 billion or 7% driven by lower hardware sales.
•
Gross margin increased $1.2 billion or 4% driven by growth in Search advertising and Windows OEM. Gross margin percentage increased driven by sales mix shift to higher margin businesses.
•
Operating expenses increased $940 million or 6% driven by impairment and other related expenses in our XBOX business and continued investments in research and development compute capacity, AI talent, and data to support product development that benefits the entire portfolio.
Operating income included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.

OPERATING EXPENSES

Research and Development

 

(In millions, except percentages)

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

Percentage
Change

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Research and development

 

$

35,562

 

 

$

32,488

 

 

 

9%

 

As a percent of revenue

 

 

11%

 

 

 

12%

 

 

 

(1)ppt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Research and development expenses include payroll, stock-based compensation expense, employee benefits, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. Research and development expenses also include technology development costs, including AI training and other infrastructure costs, third-party development and programming costs, and the depreciation and amortization of assets used to conduct research and development.

Fiscal Year 2026 Compared with Fiscal Year 2025

Research and development expenses increased $3.1 billion or 9% driven by continued investments in compute capacity, AI talent, and data to support product development that benefits the entire portfolio, as well as impairment and other related expenses in our XBOX business.

Sales and Marketing

 

(In millions, except percentages)

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

Percentage
Change

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sales and marketing

 

$

26,710

 

 

$

25,654

 

 

 

4%

 

As a percent of revenue

 

 

8%

 

 

 

9%

 

 

 

(1)ppt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sales and marketing expenses include payroll, stock-based compensation expense, employee benefits, and other headcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs.

Fiscal Year 2026 Compared with Fiscal Year 2025

Sales and marketing expenses increased $1.1 billion or 4% driven by investments in commercial sales and higher Copilot advertising expenses. 

General and Administrative

 

(In millions, except percentages)

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

Percentage
Change 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

General and administrative

 

$

7,956

 

 

$

7,223

 

 

 

10%

 

As a percent of revenue

 

 

2%

 

 

 

3%

 

 

 

(1)ppt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

General and administrative expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with finance, legal, facilities, certain human resources and other administrative personnel, certain taxes, and legal and other administrative fees.

40

PART II

Item 7

 

Fiscal Year 2026 Compared with Fiscal Year 2025

General and administrative expenses increased $733 million or 10% driven by higher legal expenses and gains on divestitures in the prior period.

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET 

The components of other income (expense), net were as follows: 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

 

2026

 

 

 

2025

 

 

 

 

Interest and dividends income

 

$

3,301

 

 

$

2,647

 

Interest expense

 

 

(3,051

)

 

 

(2,385

)

Net recognized gains (losses) on investments

 

 

4,385

 

 

 

(349

) 

Net gains (losses) on derivatives

 

 

1,867

 

 

 

(260

)

Net gains (losses) on foreign currency remeasurements

 

 

(527

)

 

 

171

 

Other, net

 

 

4,722

 

 

 

(4,725

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

10,697

 

 

$

(4,901

) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, interest rates, equity prices, and credit; to enhance investment returns; and to facilitate portfolio diversification. Gains and losses from changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are primarily recognized in other income (expense), net.

Other income (expense), net included $6.5 billion of net gains and $4.8 billion of net losses for fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively, from investments in OpenAI, primarily net recognized gains (losses) on our equity method investment reflected in Other, net. The net gains recorded for fiscal year 2026 primarily relate to the dilution gain from the OpenAI Recapitalization.

Fiscal Year 2026 Compared with Fiscal Year 2025

Interest and dividends income increased primarily due to higher portfolio balances and higher yields on debt securities. Interest expense increased primarily due to higher finance lease interest expense, offset in part by higher capitalization of debt interest expense. Net recognized gains on investments increased primarily due to higher gains on equity securities and lower impairments in the current period. Net gains on derivatives increased primarily due to gains on equity derivatives in the current period as compared to losses in the prior period. Other, net primarily reflects net recognized gains on equity method investments, including OpenAI.

INCOME TAXES 

Effective Tax Rate

Our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2026 and 2025 was 19% and 18%, respectively. The increase in our effective tax rate was primarily due to changes in the mix of our earnings and tax expenses between the U.S. and foreign countries.

Our effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations center in Ireland.

The mix of income before income taxes between the U.S. and foreign countries impacted our effective tax rate as a result of the geographic distribution of, and customer demand for, our products and services. In fiscal year 2026, our U.S. income before income taxes was $103.6 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $62.3 billion. In fiscal year 2025, our U.S. income before income taxes was $69.2 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $54.4 billion.

41

PART II

Item 7

 

Uncertain Tax Positions

We remain under audit by the IRS for tax years 2014 to 2017. With respect to the audit for tax years 2004 to 2013, on September 26, 2023, we received Notices of Proposed Adjustment (“NOPAs”) from the IRS. The primary issues in the NOPAs relate to intercompany transfer pricing. In the NOPAs, the IRS is seeking an additional tax payment of $28.9 billion plus penalties and interest. As of June 30, 2026, we believe our allowances for income tax contingencies are adequate. We disagree with the proposed adjustments and will vigorously contest the NOPAs through the IRS’s administrative appeals office and, if necessary, judicial proceedings. 

We are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the U.S., some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. The resolution of these audits is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements. Our operations in Ireland remain subject to examination for tax years 2021 and thereafter.

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES

Adjusted other income (expense), net, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures which exclude net (gains) losses from investments in OpenAI. We believe these non-GAAP measures aid investors by providing additional insight into our financial performance and help clarify trends affecting our business. For comparability of reporting, management considers non-GAAP measures in conjunction with GAAP financial results in evaluating business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures presented should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.

The following table reconciles our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP to non-GAAP financial results:

 

(In millions, except percentages and per share amounts)

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

 

2024

 

 

Percentage
Change 2026 Versus 2025

 

 

Percentage
Change 2025 Versus 2024

 

 

 

 

 

Other income (expense), net

 

$

10,697

 

 

$

(4,901

)

 

$

(1,646

)

 

318%

 

 

(198)%

 

Net (gains) losses from investments in OpenAI

 

 

(6,530

)

 

 

4,763

 

 

 

1,482

 

 

(237)%

 

 

221%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Adjusted other income (expense), net (non-GAAP)

 

$

4,167

 

 

$

(138

)

 

$

(164

)

 

3,120%

 

 

16%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net income

 

$

133,749

 

 

$

101,832

 

 

$

88,136

 

 

31%

 

 

16%

 

Net (gains) losses from investments in OpenAI, net of tax of $1,567, $(1,143), and $(356)

 

 

(4,963

)

 

 

3,620

 

 

 

1,126

 

 

(237)%

 

 

221%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Adjusted net income (non-GAAP)

 

$

128,786

 

 

$

105,452

 

 

$

89,262

 

 

22%

 

 

18%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Diluted earnings per share

 

$

17.95

 

 

$

13.64

 

 

$

11.80

 

 

32%

 

 

16%

 

Net (gains) losses from investments in OpenAI

 

 

(0.67

)

 

 

0.49

 

 

 

0.15

 

 

(237)%

 

 

227%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP)

 

$

17.28

 

 

$

14.13

 

 

$

11.95

 

 

22%

 

 

18%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, and access to capital markets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as dividends, share repurchases, debt maturities, and material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. 

42

PART II

Item 7

 

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Investments 

Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled $76.8 billion and $94.6 billion as of June 30, 2026 and 2025, respectively. Equity and other investments were $36.3 billion and $15.4 billion as of June 30, 2026 and 2025, respectively. Our short-term investments are primarily intended to facilitate liquidity and capital preservation. They consist predominantly of highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. The investments are predominantly U.S. dollar-denominated securities, but also include foreign currency-denominated securities to diversify risk. Our fixed-income investments are exposed to interest rate risk and credit risk. The credit risk and average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio are managed to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain fixed-income indices. The settlement risk related to these investments is insignificant given that the short-term investments held are primarily highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities. 

Valuation 

In general, and where applicable, we use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to determine the fair value of our financial instruments. This pricing methodology applies to our Level 1 investments, such as U.S. government securities, common and preferred stock, and mutual funds. If quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities are not available to determine fair value, then we use quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities or inputs other than the quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly. This pricing methodology applies to our Level 2 investments, such as commercial paper, certificates of deposit, U.S. agency securities, foreign government bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, corporate notes and bonds, and municipal securities. Level 3 investments are valued using internally-developed models with unobservable inputs. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs are an immaterial portion of our portfolio. 

A majority of our investments are priced by pricing vendors and are generally Level 1 or Level 2 investments as these vendors either provide a quoted market price in an active market or use observable inputs for their pricing without applying significant adjustments. Broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is not priced by our pricing vendors, or when a broker price is more reflective of fair values in the market in which the investment trades. Our broker-priced investments are generally classified as Level 2 investments because the broker prices these investments based on similar assets without applying significant adjustments. In addition, all our broker-priced investments have a sufficient level of trading volume to demonstrate that the fair values used are appropriate for these investments. Our fair value processes include controls that are designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded. These controls include model validation, review of key model inputs, analysis of period-over-period fluctuations, and independent recalculation of prices where appropriate. 

Cash Flows 

Cash from operations increased $46.8 billion to $182.9 billion for fiscal year 2026, primarily due to an increase in cash received from customers and a decrease in cash used to pay income taxes, offset in part by an increase in cash paid to suppliers. Cash used in financing increased $847 million to $52.5 billion for fiscal year 2026, primarily due to a $6.0 billion decrease in cash used for repayments of debt, offset in part by a $3.9 billion increase in common stock repurchases and a $2.4 billion increase in dividends paid. Cash used in investing increased $66.9 billion to $139.5 billion for fiscal year 2026, primarily due to a $51.4 billion increase in additions to property and equipment and a $22.2 billion increase in cash used in other investing primarily to facilitate the purchase of components, offset in part by a $4.2 billion decrease in cash used in the acquisition of companies, net of cash acquired and divestitures, and purchases of intangible and other assets and a $2.4 billion decrease in cash used in net investment purchases, sales, and maturities.

Debt Proceeds

We issue debt to take advantage of favorable pricing and liquidity in the debt markets, reflecting our credit rating. The proceeds of these issuances were or will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding for working capital, capital expenditures, repurchases of capital stock, acquisitions, and repayment of existing debt. Refer to Note 10 – Debt of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).

43

PART II

Item 7

 

Unearned Revenue 

Unearned revenue comprises mainly unearned revenue related to volume licensing programs, which may include cloud services and Software Assurance (“SA”). Unearned revenue is generally invoiced annually at the beginning of each contract period for multi-year agreements and recognized ratably over the coverage period. Unearned revenue also includes payments for other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we transfer control of the product or service. Refer to Note 1 – Accounting Policies of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).

The following table outlines the expected future recognition of unearned revenue as of June 30, 2026:

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Three Months Ending

 

 

 

 

 

 

September 30, 2026

 

$

28,589

 

December 31, 2026

 

 

22,556

 

March 31, 2027

 

 

15,457

 

June 30, 2027

 

 

6,363

 

Thereafter

 

 

2,747

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

75,712

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

If our customers choose to license cloud-based versions of our products and services rather than licensing transaction-based products and services, the associated revenue will shift from being recognized at the time of the transaction to being recognized over the subscription period or upon consumption, as applicable. Refer to Note 12 – Unearned Revenue of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).

Material Cash Requirements and Other Obligations

Contractual Obligations

The following table summarizes the payments due by fiscal year for our outstanding contractual obligations as of June 30, 2026:

 

(In millions)

 

2027

 

 

Thereafter

 

 

Total

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Long-term debt: (a)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Principal payments

 

$

9,250

 

 

$

36,886

 

 

$

46,136

 

Interest payments

 

 

1,405

 

 

 

24,148

 

 

 

25,553

 

Construction commitments (b)

 

 

29,848

 

 

 

4,718

 

 

 

34,566

 

Operating and finance leases, including imputed interest (c)

 

 

32,411

 

 

 

411,095

 

 

 

443,506

 

Purchase commitments (d)

 

 

169,008

 

 

 

25,052

 

 

 

194,060

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

241,922

 

 

$

501,899

 

 

$

743,821

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(a)
Refer to Note 10 – Debt of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).
(b)
Refer to Note 6 – Property and Equipment of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).
(c)
Refer to Note 13 – Leases of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).
(d)
Purchase commitments primarily relate to datacenters and include open purchase orders and take-or-pay contracts that are not presented as construction commitments above.
Share Repurchases 

During fiscal years 2026 and 2025, we repurchased 36 million shares and 31 million shares of our common stock for $16.7 billion and $13.0 billion, respectively, through our share repurchase program. All repurchases were made using cash resources. As of June 30, 2026, $40.6 billion remained of our $60 billion share repurchase program. Refer to Note 15 – Stockholders’ Equity of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).

44

PART II

Item 7

 

Dividends 

During fiscal years 2026 and 2025, our Board of Directors declared dividends totaling $27.0 billion and $24.7 billion, respectively. We intend to continue returning capital to shareholders in the form of dividends, subject to declaration by our Board of Directors. Refer to Note 15 – Stockholders’ Equity of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).

Other Planned Uses of Capital 

We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as acquisitions that align with our business strategy. Additions to property and equipment will continue, including new facilities, datacenters, and computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, support, and administrative staff. We will continue to invest in capital expenditures to support growth in our cloud offerings and our investments in AI training and other infrastructure. We have operating and finance leases for datacenters and related infrastructure, servers and network equipment, corporate offices, and research and development facilities. We have not engaged in any related party transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect liquidity or the availability of capital resources. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING GUIDANCE

Refer to Note 1 – Accounting Policies of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We have critical accounting estimates in the areas of revenue recognition, measurement and impairment of investment securities, goodwill, research and development costs, legal and other contingencies, and income taxes.

Revenue Recognition 

Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. When a cloud-based service includes both on-premises software licenses and cloud services, judgment is required to determine whether the software license is considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with the cloud service and recognized over time. Certain cloud services, primarily Office 365, depend on a significant level of integration, interdependency, and interrelation between the desktop applications and cloud services, and are accounted for together as one performance obligation. Revenue from Office 365 is recognized ratably over the period in which the cloud services are provided. 

Judgment is required to determine the standalone selling price (“SSP”) for each distinct performance obligation. We use a single amount to estimate SSP for items that are not sold separately, including on-premises licenses sold with SA or software updates provided at no additional charge. We use a range of amounts to estimate SSP when we sell each of the products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative SSP of the various products and services. 

In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customers and circumstances. In these instances, we may use information such as the size of the customer and geographic region in determining the SSP. 

Due to the various benefits from and the nature of our SA program, judgment is required to assess the pattern of delivery, including the exercise pattern of certain benefits across our portfolio of customers. 

45

PART II

Item 7

 

Our products are generally sold with a right of return, we may provide other credits or incentives, and in certain instances we estimate customer usage of our products and services, which are accounted for as variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. Returns and credits are estimated at contract inception and updated at the end of each reporting period if additional information becomes available. Changes to our estimated variable consideration were not material for the periods presented. 

Remaining performance obligations represent the revenue we expect to recognize for our products and services for which control has not yet been transferred to customers. We estimate total consideration to be received at the outset of the agreement and throughout the term of the agreement. Estimating the total consideration and revenue that will be allocated to remaining performance obligation can involve significant judgments, including identifying and assessing variable consideration and potential renegotiation of commitments. We consider factors such as the nature of the terms and duration of the contract across our portfolio of contracts.

Measurement and Impairment of Investment Securities 

Investments purchased by Microsoft are typically accounted for as available-for-sale debt securities, equity investments with readily determinable fair values, or equity investments without readily determinable fair values measured using either the equity method when required or at cost less impairments, if any, with adjustments for observable changes in price (referred to as the measurement alternative). Equity method investments may be recorded on a lag of up to three months when sufficient financial information is not available in a timely manner. For equity method investments recorded on a lag, we recognize the impact of intervening events that have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements in the period in which they occurred. 

We review debt investments quarterly for credit losses and impairment. If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, and the extent to which the fair value is less than cost. This determination requires significant judgment. In making this judgment, we employ a systematic methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of our investments. In addition, we consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of, and business outlook for, the investee. If we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery, then a decline in fair value below cost is recorded as an impairment charge in other income (expense), net and a new cost basis in the investment is established. If market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, we may incur future impairments. 

For equity investments accounted for under the measurement alternative, we evaluate whether observable changes in price have occurred in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. This determination requires judgment in evaluating whether transactions are orderly and whether the securities are comparable, including consideration of the rights and preferences of the securities, investor composition, and other relevant facts and circumstances. Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are written down to fair value if a qualitative assessment indicates that the investment is impaired and the fair value of the investment is less than carrying value. We perform a qualitative assessment on a periodic basis. We are required to estimate the fair value of the investment to determine the amount of the impairment loss. Once an investment is determined to be impaired, an impairment charge is recorded in other income (expense), net. 

Goodwill 

We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. We evaluate our reporting units on an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (May 1) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. 

46

PART II

Item 7

 

Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit is estimated primarily through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology. This analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, the period over which cash flows are expected to be generated, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital. 

The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit. 

Research and Development Costs 

Costs incurred internally in researching and developing a software product to be marketed or sold to external users are charged to expense until technological feasibility has been established for the product. Once technological feasibility is established, software costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. Judgment is required in determining when technological feasibility of a product is established. We have determined that technological feasibility for our software products is reached after all high-risk development issues have been resolved through coding and testing. Generally, this occurs shortly before the products are released to production. The amortization of these costs is included in cost of revenue over the estimated life of the products. 

Legal and Other Contingencies 

The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. An estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In determining whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. Changes in these factors could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.

Income Taxes 

The objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year, and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity’s financial statements or tax returns. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Accounting literature also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures. Judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. 

47

PART II

Item 7

 

STATEMENT OF MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are presented in this report. The consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management’s estimates and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The Company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance at reasonable cost that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial records are reliable for preparing consolidated financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. These systems are augmented by written policies, an organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits. 

The Company engaged Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). 

The Board of Directors, through its Audit Committee, consisting solely of independent directors of the Company, meets periodically with management, internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that each is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche LLP and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the Audit Committee. 

 

Satya Nadella

Chief Executive Officer

 

Amy E. Hood

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 

Alice L. Jolla

Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer

 

48

PART II

Item 7A

 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

RISKS 

We are exposed to economic risk from foreign exchange rates, interest rates, credit risk, and equity prices. We use derivatives instruments to manage these risks, however, they may still impact our consolidated financial statements. 

Foreign Currencies 

Certain forecasted transactions, assets, and liabilities are exposed to foreign currency risk. We monitor our foreign currency exposures daily to maximize the economic effectiveness of our foreign currency positions, including hedges. Principal currency exposures include the Euro, Japanese yen, British pound, Canadian dollar, and Australian dollar. 

Interest Rate 

Securities held in our fixed-income portfolio are subject to different interest rate risks based on their maturities. We manage the average maturity of the fixed-income portfolio to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain global fixed-income indices. 

Credit

Our fixed-income portfolio is diversified and consists primarily of investment-grade securities. We manage credit exposures relative to broad-based indices to facilitate portfolio diversification. 

Equity 

Securities held in our equity investments portfolio are subject to price risk. 

SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS

The following table sets forth the potential loss in future earnings or fair values, including associated derivatives, resulting from hypothetical changes in relevant market rates or prices: 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Risk Categories

 

Hypothetical Change

 

June 30,

2026

 

 

Impact

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Foreign currency – Revenue

 

10% decrease in foreign exchange rates

 

$

(13,653

)

 

 

Earnings

 

Foreign currency – Investments

 

10% decrease in foreign exchange rates

 

 

(5

)

 

 

Fair Value

 

Interest rate

 

100 basis point increase in U.S. treasury interest rates

 

 

(1,201

)

 

 

Fair Value

 

Credit 

 

100 basis point increase in credit spreads

 

 

(412

)

 

 

Fair Value

 

Equity

 

10% decrease in equity market prices

 

 

(2,654

)

 

 

Earnings

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

49

PART II

Item 8

 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INCOME STATEMENTS

 

(In millions, except per share amounts)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Product

 

$

64,696

 

 

$

63,946

 

 

$

64,773

 

Service and other

 

 

267,143

 

 

 

217,778

 

 

 

180,349

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total revenue

 

 

331,839

 

 

 

281,724

 

 

 

245,122

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cost of revenue:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Product

 

 

12,098

 

 

 

13,501

 

 

 

15,272

 

Service and other

 

 

94,276

 

 

 

74,330

 

 

 

58,842

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total cost of revenue

 

 

106,374

 

 

 

87,831

 

 

 

74,114

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gross margin

 

 

225,465

 

 

 

193,893

 

 

 

171,008

 

Research and development

 

 

35,562

 

 

 

32,488

 

 

 

29,510

 

Sales and marketing

 

 

26,710

 

 

 

25,654

 

 

 

24,456

 

General and administrative

 

 

7,956

 

 

 

7,223

 

 

 

7,609

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating income

 

 

155,237

 

 

 

128,528

 

 

 

109,433

 

Other income (expense), net 

 

 

10,697

 

 

 

(4,901

)

 

 

(1,646

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Income before income taxes

 

 

165,934

 

 

 

123,627

 

 

 

107,787

 

Provision for income taxes

 

 

32,185

 

 

 

21,795

 

 

 

19,651

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net income

 

$

133,749

 

 

$

101,832

 

 

$

88,136

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Earnings per share:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Basic

 

$

18.00

 

 

$

13.70

 

 

$

11.86

 

Diluted

 

$

17.95

 

 

$

13.64

 

 

$

11.80

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Weighted average shares outstanding:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Basic

 

 

7,429

 

 

 

7,433

 

 

 

7,431

 

Diluted

 

 

7,453

 

 

 

7,465

 

 

 

7,469

 

 

 

 

Refer to accompanying notes. 

50

PART II

Item 8

 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME STATEMENTS

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Net income

 

$

133,749

 

 

$

101,832

 

 

$

88,136

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net change related to derivatives

 

 

8

 

 

 

(5

)

 

 

24

 

Net change related to investments

 

 

215

 

 

 

1,574

 

 

 

957

 

Translation adjustments and other

 

 

(160

)

 

 

674

 

 

 

(228

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Other comprehensive income 

 

 

63

 

 

 

2,243

 

 

 

753

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Comprehensive income

 

$

133,812

 

 

$

104,075

 

 

$

88,889

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Refer to accompanying notes. 

51

PART II

Item 8

 

BALANCE SHEETS

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

 

 

Assets

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Current assets:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cash and cash equivalents

 

$

20,935

 

 

$

30,242

 

Short-term investments

 

 

55,908

 

 

 

64,323

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments

 

 

76,843

 

 

 

94,565

 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $1,040 and $944

 

 

80,876

 

 

 

69,905

 

Inventories

 

 

1,397

 

 

 

938

 

Other current assets

 

 

48,594

 

 

 

25,723

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total current assets

 

 

207,710

 

 

 

191,131

 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $118,691 and $93,653

 

 

313,076

 

 

 

204,966

 

Operating lease right-of-use assets

 

 

24,177

 

 

 

24,823

 

Equity and other investments

 

 

36,348

 

 

 

15,405

 

Goodwill

 

 

119,651

 

 

 

119,509

 

Intangible assets, net

 

 

18,609

 

 

 

22,604

 

Other long-term assets

 

 

38,805

 

 

 

40,565

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total assets

 

$

758,376

 

 

$

619,003

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Liabilities and stockholders’ equity

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Current liabilities:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Accounts payable

 

$

42,416

 

 

$

27,724

 

Current portion of long-term debt

 

 

9,227

 

 

 

2,999

 

Accrued compensation

 

 

14,945

 

 

 

13,709

 

Short-term income taxes

 

 

2,534

 

 

 

7,211

 

Short-term unearned revenue

 

 

72,965

 

 

 

64,555

 

Other current liabilities

 

 

26,738

 

 

 

25,020

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total current liabilities

 

 

168,825

 

 

 

141,218

 

Long-term debt

 

 

31,067

 

 

 

40,152

 

Long-term income taxes

 

 

28,647

 

 

 

25,986

 

Long-term unearned revenue

 

 

2,747

 

 

 

2,710

 

Deferred income taxes

 

 

3,054

 

 

 

2,835

 

Operating lease liabilities

 

 

16,532

 

 

 

17,437

 

Other long-term liabilities

 

 

65,117

 

 

 

45,186

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total liabilities

 

 

315,989

 

 

 

275,524

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Commitments and contingencies

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Stockholders’ equity:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Common stock and paid-in capital – shares authorized 24,000; outstanding 7,427 and 7,434

 

 

117,406

 

 

 

109,095

 

Retained earnings

 

 

328,265

 

 

 

237,731

 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

 

 

(3,284

)

 

 

(3,347

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total stockholders’ equity

 

 

442,387

 

 

 

343,479

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity

 

$

758,376

 

 

$

619,003

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Refer to accompanying notes. 

52

PART II

Item 8

 

CASH FLOWS STATEMENTS

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Operations

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net income

 

$

133,749

 

 

$

101,832

 

 

$

88,136

 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operations:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Depreciation, amortization, and other

 

 

38,534

 

 

 

29,433

 

 

 

20,958

 

Stock-based compensation expense

 

 

12,405

 

 

 

11,974

 

 

 

10,734

 

Net recognized losses (gains) on investments and derivatives

 

 

(11,047

)

 

 

5,329

 

 

 

1,634

 

Deferred income taxes

 

 

14,189

 

 

 

(7,056

)

 

 

(4,738

)

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Accounts receivable

 

 

(12,737

)

 

 

(10,581

)

 

 

(7,191

)

Inventories

 

 

(461

)

 

 

309

 

 

 

1,284

 

Other current assets

 

 

(2,627

)

 

 

(3,044

)

 

 

(1,648

)

Other long-term assets

 

 

(3,964

)

 

 

(2,950

)

 

 

(6,817

)

Accounts payable

 

 

5,268

 

 

 

569

 

 

 

3,545

 

Unearned revenue

 

 

9,361

 

 

 

5,438

 

 

 

5,348

 

Income taxes

 

 

(1,875

)

 

 

(38

)

 

 

1,687

 

Other current liabilities

 

 

6,847

 

 

 

5,922

 

 

 

4,867

 

Other long-term liabilities

 

 

(4,707

)

 

 

(975

) 

 

 

749

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net cash from operations

 

 

182,935

 

 

 

136,162

 

 

 

118,548

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Financing

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Proceeds from issuance (repayments) of debt, maturities of 90 days or less, net

 

 

0

 

 

 

(5,746

)

 

 

5,250

 

Proceeds from issuance of debt

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

24,395

 

Repayments of debt

 

 

(3,000

)

 

 

(3,216

)

 

 

(29,070

)

Common stock issued

 

 

2,009

 

 

 

2,056

 

 

 

2,002

 

Common stock repurchased

 

 

(22,271

)

 

 

(18,420

)

 

 

(17,254

)

Common stock cash dividends paid

 

 

(26,445

)

 

 

(24,082

)

 

 

(21,771

)

Other, net

 

 

(2,839

)

 

 

(2,291

)

 

 

(1,309

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net cash used in financing

 

 

(52,546

)

 

 

(51,699

)

 

 

(37,757

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Investing

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Additions to property and equipment

 

 

(115,948

)

 

 

(64,551

)

 

 

(44,477

)

Acquisition of companies, net of cash acquired and divestitures, and purchases of intangible and other assets

 

 

(1,743

)

 

 

(5,978

)

 

 

(69,132

)

Purchases of investments

 

 

(58,351

)

 

 

(29,775

)

 

 

(17,732

)

Maturities of investments

 

 

34,605

 

 

 

16,079

 

 

 

24,775

 

Sales of investments

 

 

21,798

 

 

 

9,309

 

 

 

10,894

 

Other, net

 

 

(19,861

)

 

 

2,317

 

 

 

(1,298

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net cash used in investing

 

 

(139,500

)

 

 

(72,599

)

 

 

(96,970

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents

 

 

(196

)

 

 

63

 

 

 

(210

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

 

 

(9,307

)

 

 

11,927

 

 

 

(16,389

)

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period

 

 

30,242

 

 

 

18,315

 

 

 

34,704

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period

 

$

20,935

 

 

$

30,242

 

 

$

18,315

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Refer to accompanying notes.

53

PART II

Item 8

 

STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY STATEMENTS

 

(In millions, except per share amounts)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Common stock and paid-in capital

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, beginning of period

 

$

109,095

 

 

$

100,923

 

 

$

93,718

 

Common stock issued

 

 

2,009

 

 

 

2,056

 

 

 

2,002

 

Common stock repurchased

 

 

(6,105

)

 

 

(5,856

)

 

 

(5,712

)

Stock-based compensation expense

 

 

12,405

 

 

 

11,974

 

 

 

10,734

 

Other, net

 

 

2

 

 

 

(2

)

 

 

181

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, end of period

 

 

117,406

 

 

 

109,095

 

 

 

100,923

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Retained earnings

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, beginning of period

 

 

237,731

 

 

 

173,144

 

 

 

118,848

 

Net income

 

 

133,749

 

 

 

101,832

 

 

 

88,136

 

Common stock cash dividends

 

 

(27,034

)

 

 

(24,677

)

 

 

(22,293

)

Common stock repurchased

 

 

(16,181

)

 

 

(12,568

)

 

 

(11,547

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, end of period

 

 

328,265

 

 

 

237,731

 

 

 

173,144

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, beginning of period

 

 

(3,347

)

 

 

(5,590

) 

 

 

(6,343

)

Other comprehensive income 

 

 

63

 

 

 

2,243

 

 

 

753

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, end of period

 

 

(3,284

)

 

 

(3,347

)

 

 

(5,590

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total stockholders’ equity

 

$

442,387

 

 

$

343,479

 

 

$

268,477

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cash dividends declared per common share

 

$

3.64

 

 

$

3.32

 

 

$

3.00

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Refer to accompanying notes. 

54

PART II

Item 8

 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Accounting Principles 

Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Microsoft Corporation and its subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

Recast of Certain Prior Period Information 

We have recast certain prior period amounts on our consolidated cash flows statements to conform to the current period presentation. The recast of these prior period amounts had no impact on our consolidated balance sheets, consolidated income statements, or net cash from (used in) operations, investing, or financing on our consolidated cash flows statements. 

Estimates and Assumptions 

Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Examples of estimates and assumptions include: for revenue recognition, determining the nature and timing of satisfaction of performance obligations, and determining the standalone selling price (“SSP”) of performance obligations, variable consideration, and other obligations such as product returns and refunds; loss contingencies; the fair value of and/or potential impairment of goodwill and intangible assets for our reporting units; product life cycles; useful lives of our tangible and intangible assets; allowances for doubtful accounts; stock-based compensation forfeiture rates; when technological feasibility is achieved for our products; the potential outcome of uncertain tax positions that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns; and determining the timing and amount of measurement adjustments or impairments for investments. Actual results and outcomes may differ from management’s estimates and assumptions due to risks and uncertainties.

Foreign Currencies 

Assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are recorded to other comprehensive income. 

Revenue

Product Revenue and Service and Other Revenue 

Product revenue includes sales from operating systems, server applications, business solution applications, software development tools, desktop and server management tools, video games, and hardware such as PCs, tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, other intelligent devices, and related accessories. 

Service and other revenue includes sales from cloud-based solutions that provide customers with AI, software, services, platforms, and content such as Azure, Office 365, Enterprise Mobility and Security, LinkedIn, Dynamics 365, and XBOX; solution support; and consulting services. Service and other revenue also includes sales from online advertising.

55

PART II

Item 8

 

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. We enter into contracts that can include various combinations of products and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. 

Nature of Products and Services

Licenses for on-premises software provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available to the customer. Customers may purchase perpetual licenses or subscribe to licenses, which provide customers with the same functionality and differ mainly in the duration over which the customer benefits from the software. Revenue from distinct on-premises licenses is recognized upfront at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. In cases where we allocate revenue to software updates, primarily because the updates are provided at no additional charge, revenue is recognized as the updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the estimated life of the related device or license.

Cloud services, which include software-as-a-service, infrastructure-as-a-service, and platform-as-a-service, are provided on either a subscription or consumption basis. Revenue related to cloud services provided on a subscription basis is recognized ratably over the contract period. Revenue related to cloud services provided on a consumption basis, such as the amount of storage used in a period, is recognized based on the customer utilization of such resources. When cloud services require a significant level of integration and interdependency with software and the individual components are not considered distinct, all revenue is recognized over the period in which the cloud services are provided. 

Certain volume licensing programs, including Enterprise Agreements, include on-premises licenses combined with Software Assurance (“SA”). SA conveys rights to new software and upgrades released over the contract period and provides support, tools, and training to help customers deploy and use products more efficiently. On-premises licenses are considered distinct performance obligations when sold with SA. Revenue allocated to SA is generally recognized ratably over the contract period as customers simultaneously consume and receive benefits, given that SA comprises distinct performance obligations that are satisfied over time. 

Revenue from search advertising is recognized when the advertisement appears in the search results or when the action necessary to earn the revenue has been completed. Revenue from consulting services is recognized as services are provided. 

Our hardware is generally highly dependent on, and interrelated with, the underlying operating system and cannot function without the operating system. In these cases, the hardware and software license are accounted for as a single performance obligation and revenue is recognized at the point in time when ownership is transferred to resellers or directly to end customers through retail stores and online marketplaces. 

Refer to Note 18 – Segment Information and Geographic Data for further information, including revenue by significant product and service offering.

Significant Judgments

Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. When a cloud-based service includes both on-premises software licenses and cloud services, judgment is required to determine whether the software license is considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with the cloud service and recognized over time. Certain cloud services, primarily Office 365, depend on a significant level of integration, interdependency, and interrelation between the desktop applications and cloud services, and are accounted for together as one performance obligation. Revenue from Office 365 is recognized ratably over the period in which the cloud services are provided.

56

PART II

Item 8

 

Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We use a single amount to estimate SSP for items that are not sold separately, including on-premises licenses sold with SA or software updates provided at no additional charge. We use a range of amounts to estimate SSP when we sell each of the products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative SSP of the various products and services. 

In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customers and circumstances. In these instances, we may use information such as the size of the customer and geographic region in determining the SSP. 

Due to the various benefits from and the nature of our SA program, judgment is required to assess the pattern of delivery, including the exercise pattern of certain benefits across our portfolio of customers. 

Our products are generally sold with a right of return, we may provide other credits or incentives, and in certain instances we estimate customer usage of our products and services, which are accounted for as variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. Returns and credits are estimated at contract inception and updated at the end of each reporting period if additional information becomes available. Changes to our estimated variable consideration were not material for the periods presented.

Estimating revenue that will be allocated to remaining performance obligations can involve significant judgments, including identifying and assessing variable consideration and potential renegotiation of commitments. We consider factors such as the nature of the terms and duration of the contract across our portfolio of contracts. 

Contract Balances and Other Receivables 

Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. We record a receivable when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing, or unearned revenue when revenue is recognized subsequent to invoicing. For multi-year agreements, we generally invoice customers annually at the beginning of each annual coverage period. We record a receivable related to revenue recognized for multi-year on-premises licenses as we have an unconditional right to invoice and receive payment in the future related to those licenses. 

Unearned revenue comprises mainly unearned revenue related to volume licensing programs, which may include cloud services and SA. Unearned revenue is generally invoiced annually at the beginning of each contract period for multi-year agreements and recognized ratably over the coverage period. Unearned revenue also includes payments for LinkedIn subscriptions, Office 365 subscriptions, consulting services to be performed in the future, XBOX subscriptions, Windows post-delivery support, Dynamics business solutions, and other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we transfer control of the product or service. 

Refer to Note 12 – Unearned Revenue for further information, including unearned revenue by segment and changes in unearned revenue during the period.

Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 to 60 days. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we have determined our contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing our products and services, not to receive financing from our customers or to provide customers with financing. Examples include invoicing at the beginning of a subscription term with revenue recognized ratably over the contract period, and multi-year on-premises licenses that are invoiced annually with revenue recognized upfront.

As of June 30, 2026 and 2025, long-term accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, was $5.5 billion and $5.2 billion, respectively, and is included in other long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets.

As of June 30, 2026 and 2025, the current portion of other receivables related to activities to facilitate the purchase of server components was $27.8 billion and $8.2 billion, respectively, and are included in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, as of June 30, 2026, restricted investments pursuant to a supplier agreement were $11.3 billion, with $3.8 billion included in short-term investments and $7.5 billion included in equity and other investments in our consolidated balance sheet.

57

PART II

Item 8

 

We record financing receivables when we offer certain customers the option to acquire our software products and services offerings through a financing program in a limited number of countries. As of June 30, 2026 and 2025, our financing receivables, net were $3.7 billion and $4.3 billion, respectively, for short-term and long-term financing receivables, which are included in other current assets and other long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets. 

We record an allowance for doubtful accounts which reflects our best estimate of credit losses inherent in the accounts receivable and financing receivable balances. We determine the allowance based on known troubled accounts, historical experience, and other currently available evidence.

Assets Recognized from Costs to Obtain a Contract with a Customer

We recognize an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if we expect the benefit of those costs to be longer than one year. We have determined that certain sales incentive programs meet the requirements to be capitalized. Total capitalized costs to obtain a contract were immaterial during the periods presented and are included in other current and long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets. 

We apply a practical expedient to expense costs as incurred for costs to obtain a contract with a customer when the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs include our internal sales organization compensation program and certain partner sales incentive programs as we have determined annual compensation is commensurate with annual sales activities.

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue includes: costs incurred to support and maintain cloud-based and other online products and services, including datacenter costs and royalties; operating costs related to product support service centers and product distribution centers; manufacturing and distribution costs for products sold and programs licensed; traffic acquisition costs to drive traffic to our websites and to acquire online advertising space; and costs associated with the delivery of consulting services. 

Research and Development 

Research and development expenses include payroll, stock-based compensation expense, employee benefits, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. Research and development expenses also include technology development costs, including AI training and other infrastructure costs, third-party development and programming costs, and the depreciation and amortization of assets used to conduct research and development. Such costs related to software development are included in research and development expense until the point that technological feasibility is reached, which for our software products is generally shortly before the products are released to production. Once technological feasibility is reached, such costs are capitalized and amortized to cost of revenue over the estimated lives of the products. 

Sales and Marketing 

Sales and marketing expenses include payroll, stock-based compensation expense, employee benefits, and other headcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $2.7 billion, $2.1 billion, and $1.7 billion in fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Compensation cost for stock awards, which include restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and performance stock units (“PSUs”), is measured at the fair value on the grant date and recognized as expense, net of estimated forfeitures, over the related service or performance period. The fair value of stock awards is based on the quoted price of our common stock on the grant date less the present value of expected dividends not received during the vesting period. We measure the fair value of PSUs using a Monte Carlo valuation model. Compensation cost for RSUs is recognized using the straight-line method and for PSUs is recognized using the accelerated method.

Compensation expense for the employee stock purchase plan (“ESPP”) is measured as the discount the employee is entitled to upon purchase and is recognized in the period of purchase.

58

PART II

Item 8

 

Income Taxes 

Income tax expense includes U.S. and international income taxes, and interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions. Certain income and expenses are not reported in tax returns and financial statements in the same year. The tax effect of such temporary differences is reported as deferred income taxes. We are subject to global intangible low-taxed income (“GILTI”) in the U.S. and have elected to include GILTI in the measurement of deferred income taxes. Deferred tax assets are reported net of a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. All deferred income taxes are classified as long-term in our consolidated balance sheets. 

Financial Instruments

Investments

We consider all highly liquid interest-earning investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The fair values of these investments approximate their carrying values. In general, investments with original maturities of greater than three months and remaining maturities of less than one year are classified as short-term investments. Investments with maturities beyond one year may be classified as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because such marketable securities represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. 

Debt investments are classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are recorded using the specific identification method. Changes in fair value, excluding credit losses and impairments, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Fair value is calculated based on publicly available market information or other estimates determined by management. If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, and the extent to which the fair value is less than cost. To determine credit losses, we employ a systematic methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence. In addition, we consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of, and business outlook for, the investee. If we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery, then a decline in fair value below cost is recorded as an impairment charge in other income (expense), net and a new cost basis in the investment is established. If market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, we may incur future impairments.

Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are generally measured at fair value. Equity investments that are not recorded at fair value are measured using the equity method of accounting when required or measured at cost less impairments, if any, with adjustments for observable changes in price (referred to as the measurement alternative). Identifying observable changes in price requires judgment in evaluating whether transactions are orderly and whether the securities are comparable, including consideration of the rights and preferences of the securities, the composition of the investor group, and other relevant facts and circumstances. For equity investments not recorded at fair value, we perform a qualitative assessment on a periodic basis and recognize an impairment if there are sufficient indicators that the fair value of the investment is less than carrying value. Changes in fair value are recorded in other income (expense), net. Equity method investments may be recorded on a lag of up to three months when sufficient financial information is not available in a timely manner. For equity method investments recorded on a lag, we recognize the impact of intervening events that have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements in the period in which they occurred. 

Investments that are considered variable interest entities (“VIEs”) are evaluated to determine whether we are the primary beneficiary of the VIE, in which case we would be required to consolidate the entity. We evaluate whether we have (1) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance, and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. We have determined we are not the primary beneficiary of any of our VIE investments. Therefore, our VIE investments are not consolidated and the majority are accounted for under the equity method of accounting or the measurement alternative. 

59

PART II

Item 8

 

We have a long-term strategic partnership with OpenAI. In October 2025, we signed a new definitive agreement with OpenAI that extends this partnership. We have an investment accounted for under the equity method that represents an approximate 25% interest on an as-converted basis. As an equity method investee, OpenAI is a related party as defined in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 850, Related Party Disclosures (“ASC 850”). In accordance with ASC 850, we are disclosing revenue and accounts receivable balances from transactions with OpenAI. For fiscal year 2026, we recorded revenue from commercial arrangements with OpenAI, inclusive of revenue-sharing payments, of $24.1 billion, and accounts receivable from OpenAI as of June 30, 2026 was $6.0 billion. We have made total funding commitments of $13.0 billion related to our investment, of which $11.9 billion has been funded as of June 30, 2026. We calculate our equity method income or loss using the hypothetical liquidation at book value (“HLBV”) method because our liquidation rights and priorities differ from our underlying ownership interest. Under the HLBV method, we recognize income or loss based on the change in the amount we would receive if the net assets of the investee were distributed at book value. In October 2025, OpenAI formed a public benefit corporation and completed a recapitalization (“OpenAI Recapitalization”). During fiscal year 2026, our proportionate ownership of OpenAI decreased due to the OpenAI Recapitalization and other funding activity, and we recorded dilution gains in other income (expense), net. Refer to Note 3 – Other Income (Expense), Net for additional information. 

Derivatives

Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and measured at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. 

For derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, gains and losses are recognized in other income (expense), net with offsetting gains and losses on the hedged items. Gains and losses representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in other income (expense), net.

For derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, gains and losses are initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income and subsequently recognized in other income (expense), net with the corresponding hedged item. Gains and losses representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in other income (expense), net. 

For derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges, gains and losses from changes in fair values are primarily recognized in other income (expense), net.

Fair Value Measurements

We account for certain assets and liabilities at fair value. The hierarchy below lists three levels of fair value based on the extent to which inputs used in measuring fair value are observable in the market. We categorize each of our fair value measurements in one of these three levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. These levels are: 

•
Level 1 – inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. Our Level 1 investments include U.S. government securities, common and preferred stock, and mutual funds. Our Level 1 derivative assets and liabilities include those actively traded on exchanges. 
•
Level 2 – inputs are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques (e.g. the Black-Scholes model) for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, and forward and spot prices for currencies. Our Level 2 investments include commercial paper, certificates of deposit, U.S. agency securities, foreign government bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, corporate notes and bonds, and municipal securities. Our Level 2 derivative assets and liabilities include certain cleared swap contracts and over-the-counter forward, option, and swap contracts.
•
Level 3 – inputs are generally unobservable and typically reflect management’s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques, including option pricing models and discounted cash flow models. Our Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments in corporate notes and bonds, municipal securities, and goodwill and intangible assets, when they are recorded at fair value due to an impairment charge. Unobservable inputs used in the models are significant to the fair values of the assets and liabilities. 
60

PART II

Item 8

 

We measure equity investments without readily determinable fair values on a nonrecurring basis. The fair values of these investments are determined based on valuation techniques using the best information available, and may include quoted market prices, market comparables, and discounted cash flow projections. 

Our other current financial assets and current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying values.

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and depreciated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term. The estimated useful lives of our property and equipment are generally as follows: software developed or acquired for internal use, three years; servers and network equipment, two to six years; buildings and improvements, five to 15 years; leasehold improvements, three to 15 years; and furniture and equipment, one to 10 years. Land is not depreciated. 

Leases

We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets, other current liabilities, and operating lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, other current liabilities, and other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 

ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we generally use our incremental borrowing rate based on the estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments at commencement date. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

We have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are generally accounted for separately. For certain equipment leases, such as vehicles, we account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. Additionally, for certain equipment leases, we apply a portfolio approach to effectively account for the operating lease ROU assets and liabilities. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (May 1) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. 

Intangible Assets 

Our intangible assets are subject to amortization and are amortized over the estimated useful life in proportion to the economic benefits received. We evaluate the recoverability of intangible assets periodically by taking into account events or circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate the asset may be impaired. 

Recent Accounting Guidance

Recently Adopted Accounting Guidance

Income Taxes – Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures

In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued a new standard to improve income tax disclosures. The guidance requires additional disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid and prescribes standardized categories for the components of the effective tax rate reconciliation. We adopted the standard prospectively beginning with our annual reporting for fiscal year 2026. The adoption resulted in incremental income tax disclosures. Refer to Note 11 – Income Taxes.

61

PART II

Item 8

 

Recent Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted

Income Statement – Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses

In November 2024, the FASB issued a new standard to expand disclosures about income statement expenses. The guidance requires disaggregation of certain costs and expenses included in each relevant expense caption on our consolidated income statements in a separate note to the financial statements at each interim and annual reporting period, including amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, and intangible asset amortization. The standard will be effective for us beginning with our annual reporting for fiscal year 2028 and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our disclosures.

NOTE 2 — EARNINGS PER SHARE

Basic earnings per share (“EPS”) is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock plus the effect of dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method. Dilutive potential common shares include outstanding stock options and stock awards. 

The components of basic and diluted EPS were as follows:                                                                                          

 

(In millions, except per share amounts)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net income available for common shareholders (A)

 

$

133,749

 

 

$

101,832

 

 

$

88,136

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Weighted average outstanding shares of common stock (B)

 

 

7,429

 

 

 

7,433

 

 

 

7,431

 

Dilutive effect of stock-based awards

 

 

24

 

 

 

32

 

 

 

38

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Common stock and common stock equivalents (C)

 

 

7,453

 

 

 

7,465

 

 

 

7,469

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Earnings Per Share

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Basic (A/B)

 

$

18.00

 

 

$

13.70

 

 

$

11.86

 

Diluted (A/C)

 

$

17.95

 

 

$

13.64

 

 

$

11.80

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Anti-dilutive stock-based awards excluded from the calculations of diluted EPS were immaterial during the periods presented.

NOTE 3 — OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET

The components of other income (expense), net were as follows: 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Interest and dividends income

 

$

3,301

 

 

$

2,647

 

 

$

3,157

 

Interest expense

 

 

(3,051

)

 

 

(2,385

)

 

 

(2,935

)

Net recognized gains (losses) on investments

 

 

4,385

 

 

 

(349

) 

 

 

(118

)

Net gains (losses) on derivatives

 

 

1,867

 

 

 

(260

)

 

 

(187

)

Net gains (losses) on foreign currency remeasurements

 

 

(527

)

 

 

171

 

 

 

(244

)

Other, net

 

 

4,722

 

 

 

(4,725

)

 

 

(1,319

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

10,697

 

 

$

(4,901

) 

 

$

(1,646

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Other income (expense), net included $6.5 billion of net gains, $4.8 billion of net losses, and $1.5 billion of net losses for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively, from investments in OpenAI, primarily net recognized gains (losses) on our equity method investment reflected in Other, net. The net gains recorded for fiscal year 2026 primarily relate to the dilution gain from the OpenAI Recapitalization. 

62

PART II

Item 8

 

Net Recognized Gains (Losses) on Investments 

Net recognized gains (losses) on debt investments were as follows: 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Realized gains from sales of available-for-sale securities

 

$

103

 

 

$

40

 

 

$

22

 

Realized losses from sales of available-for-sale securities

 

 

(56

)

 

 

(65

)

 

 

(98

) 

Impairments and allowance for credit losses

 

 

(26

)

 

 

8

 

 

 

23

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

21

 

 

$

(17

)

 

$

(53

) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net recognized gains (losses) on equity investments were as follows:

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Net realized gains on investments sold

 

$

125

 

 

$

83

 

 

$

18

 

Net unrealized gains on investments still held

 

 

4,391

 

 

 

536

 

 

 

146

 

Impairments of investments

 

 

(152

)

 

 

(951

)

 

 

(229

) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

4,364

 

 

$

(332

) 

 

$

(65

) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

63

PART II

Item 8

 

NOTE 4 — INVESTMENTS

Investment Components

The components of investments were as follows: 

 

(In millions)

 

Fair Value

Level

 

 

Adjusted

Cost Basis

 

 

Unrealized

Gains

 

 

Unrealized

Losses

 

 

Recorded

Basis

 

 

Cash

and Cash

Equivalents

 

Short-term

Investments

 

 

Equity and
Other
Investments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30, 2026

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Changes in Fair Value Recorded in Other Comprehensive Income

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Commercial paper

 

 

Level 2

 

 

$

2,987

 

 

$

0

 

 

$

0

 

 

$

2,987

 

 

$

2,373

 

 

$

614

 

 

$

0

 

Certificates of deposit

 

 

Level 2

 

 

 

1,745

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

1,745

 

 

 

1,701

 

 

 

44

 

 

 

0

 

U.S. government securities

 

 

Level 1

 

 

 

49,714

 

 

 

2

 

 

 

(1,154

)

 

 

48,562

 

 

 

399

 

 

 

40,675

 

 

 

7,488

 

U.S. agency securities

 

 

Level 2

 

 

 

3,133

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

3,133

 

 

 

1,787

 

 

 

1,346

 

 

 

0

 

Foreign government bonds

 

 

Level 2

 

 

 

221

 

 

 

12

 

 

 

(7

)

 

 

226

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

226

 

 

 

0

 

Mortgage- and asset-backed securities

 

 

Level 2

 

 

 

1,813

 

 

 

5

 

 

 

(23

)

 

 

1,795

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

1,795

 

 

 

0

 

Corporate notes and bonds

 

 

Level 2

 

 

 

10,682

 

 

 

49

 

 

 

(71

)

 

 

10,660

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

10,660

 

 

 

0

 

Corporate notes and bonds

 

 

Level 3

 

 

 

1,618

 

 

 

120

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

1,738

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

118

 

 

 

1,620

 

Municipal securities

 

 

Level 2

 

 

 

152

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

(5

)

 

 

147

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

147

 

 

 

0

 

Municipal securities

 

 

Level 3

 

 

 

105

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

(14

)

 

 

91

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

91

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total debt investments

 

 

 

 

 

$

72,170

 

 

$

188

 

 

$

(1,274

)

 

$

71,084

 

 

$

6,260

 

 

$

55,716

 

 

$

9,108

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Changes in Fair Value Recorded in Net Income

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Equity investments

 

 

Level 1

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

4,289

 

 

$

1,616

 

 

$

0

 

 

$

2,673

 

Equity investments

 

 

Other

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

24,567

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

24,567

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total equity investments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

28,856

 

 

$

1,616

 

 

$

0

 

 

$

27,240

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cash

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

13,059

 

 

$

13,059

 

 

$

0

 

 

$

0

 

Derivatives, net (a)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

192

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

192

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

113,191

 

 

$

20,935

 

 

$

55,908

 

 

$

36,348

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

64

PART II

Item 8

 

 

(In millions)

 

Fair Value

Level

 

 

Adjusted

Cost Basis

 

 

Unrealized

Gains

 

 

Unrealized

Losses

 

 

Recorded

Basis

 

 

Cash

and Cash

Equivalents

 

Short-term

Investments

 

 

Equity and
Other
Investments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30, 2025

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Changes in Fair Value Recorded in Other Comprehensive Income

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Commercial paper

 

 

Level 2

 

 

$

10,880

 

 

$

0

 

 

$

0

 

 

$

10,880

 

 

$

9,939

 

 

$

941

 

 

$

0

 

Certificates of deposit

 

 

Level 2

 

 

 

2,653

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

2,653

 

 

 

2,309

 

 

 

344

 

 

 

0

 

U.S. government securities

 

 

Level 1

 

 

 

52,878

 

 

 

71

 

 

 

(1,462

)

 

 

51,487

 

 

 

4,742

 

 

 

46,745

 

 

 

0

 

U.S. agency securities

 

 

Level 2

 

 

 

2,686

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

2,686

 

 

 

496

 

 

 

2,190

 

 

 

0

 

Foreign government bonds

 

 

Level 2

 

 

 

349

 

 

 

24

 

 

 

(9

)

 

 

364

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

364

 

 

 

0

 

Mortgage- and asset-backed securities

 

 

Level 2

 

 

 

2,558

 

 

 

10

 

 

 

(27

)

 

 

2,541

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

2,541

 

 

 

0

 

Corporate notes and bonds

 

 

Level 2

 

 

 

10,763

 

 

 

124

 

 

 

(101

)

 

 

10,786

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

10,786

 

 

 

0

 

Corporate notes and bonds

 

 

Level 3

 

 

 

2,511

 

 

 

65

 

 

 

(5

)

 

 

2,571

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

111

 

 

 

2,460

 

Municipal securities

 

 

Level 2

 

 

 

207

 

 

 

1

 

 

 

(7

)

 

 

201

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

201

 

 

 

0

 

Municipal securities

 

 

Level 3

 

 

 

104

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

(14

)

 

 

90

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

90

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total debt investments

 

 

 

 

 

$

85,589

 

 

$

295

 

 

$

(1,625

)

 

$

84,259

 

 

$

17,486

 

 

$

64,313

 

 

$

2,460

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Changes in Fair Value Recorded in Net Income

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Equity investments

 

 

Level 1

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

4,577

 

 

$

1,045

 

 

$

0

 

 

$

3,532

 

Equity investments

 

 

Other

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

9,141

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

9,141

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total equity investments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

13,718

 

 

$

1,045

 

 

$

0

 

 

$

12,673

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cash

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

11,711

 

 

$

11,711

 

 

$

0

 

 

$

0

 

Derivatives, net (a)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

282

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

10

 

 

 

272

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

109,970

 

 

$

30,242

 

 

$

64,323

 

 

$

15,405

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(a)
Refer to Note 5 – Derivatives for further information on the fair value of our derivative instruments.
Equity investments presented as “Other” in the tables above include investments without readily determinable fair values measured at cost with adjustments for observable changes in price or impairments, measured using the equity method, or measured at fair value using net asset value as a practical expedient which are not categorized in the fair value hierarchy. As of June 30, 2026 and 2025, equity investments without readily determinable fair values measured at cost with adjustments for observable changes in price or impairments were $12.4 billion and $2.9 billion, respectively, and equity investments measured using the equity method were $12.0 billion and $6.0 billion, respectively.

65

PART II

Item 8

 

Unrealized Losses on Debt Investments 

Debt investments with continuous unrealized losses for less than 12 months and 12 months or greater and their related fair values were as follows: 

 

 

 

Less than 12 Months

 

 

12 Months or Greater

 

 

 

 

 

Total
Unrealized
Losses

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(In millions)

 

Fair Value

 

 

Unrealized
Losses

 

 

Fair Value

 

 

Unrealized
Losses

 

 

Total
Fair Value

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30, 2026

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

U.S. government and agency securities

 

$

19,100

 

 

$

(100

)

 

$

22,042

 

 

$

(1,054

)

 

$

41,142

 

 

$

(1,154

)

Foreign government bonds

 

 

74

 

 

 

(1

)

 

 

30

 

 

 

(6

)

 

 

104

 

 

 

(7

)

Mortgage- and asset-backed securities

 

 

905

 

 

 

(5

)

 

 

129

 

 

 

(18

)

 

 

1,034

 

 

 

(23

)

Corporate notes and bonds

 

 

5,066

 

 

 

(31

)

 

 

909

 

 

 

(40

)

 

 

5,975

 

 

 

(71

)

Municipal securities

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

122

 

 

 

(19

)

 

 

122

 

 

 

(19

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

25,145

 

 

$

(137

)

 

$

23,232

 

 

$

(1,137

)

 

$

48,377

 

 

$

(1,274

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Less than 12 Months

 

 

12 Months or Greater

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total
Unrealized
Losses

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(In millions)

 

 

Fair Value

 

 

 

Unrealized
Losses

 

 

 

Fair Value

 

 

 

Unrealized
Losses

 

 

 

Total
Fair Value

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30, 2025

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

U.S. government and agency securities

 

$

2,569

 

 

$

(51

)

 

$

34,608

 

 

$

(1,411

)

 

$

37,177

 

 

$

(1,462

)

Foreign government bonds

 

 

43

 

 

 

(2

)

 

 

106

 

 

 

(7

)

 

 

149

 

 

 

(9

)

Mortgage- and asset-backed securities

 

 

841

 

 

 

(4

)

 

 

189

 

 

 

(23

)

 

 

1,030

 

 

 

(27

)

Corporate notes and bonds

 

 

1,107

 

 

 

(8

)

 

 

3,105

 

 

 

(98

)

 

 

4,212

 

 

 

(106

)

Municipal securities

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

168

 

 

 

(21

)

 

 

168

 

 

 

(21

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

4,560

 

 

$

(65

)

 

$

38,176

 

 

$

(1,560

)

 

$

42,736

 

 

$

(1,625

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Unrealized losses from fixed-income securities are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates. Management does not believe any remaining unrealized losses represent impairments based on our evaluation of available evidence. 

Debt Investment Maturities 

The following table outlines maturities of our debt investments as of June 30, 2026: 

 

(In millions)

 

Adjusted

Cost Basis

 

 

Estimated

Fair Value

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30, 2026

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Due in one year or less

 

$

28,764

 

 

$

28,697

 

Due after one year through five years

 

 

38,376

 

 

 

37,395

 

Due after five years through 10 years

 

 

3,493

 

 

 

3,586

 

Due after 10 years

 

 

1,537

 

 

 

1,406

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

72,170

 

 

$

71,084

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NOTE 5 — DERIVATIVES 

We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, interest rates, equity prices, and credit; to enhance investment returns; and to facilitate portfolio diversification. Our objectives for holding derivatives include reducing, eliminating, and efficiently managing the economic impact of these exposures as effectively as possible. Our derivative programs include strategies that both qualify and do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. 

66

PART II

Item 8

 

Foreign Currencies 

Certain forecasted transactions, assets, and liabilities are exposed to foreign currency risk. We monitor our foreign currency exposures daily to maximize the economic effectiveness of our foreign currency hedge positions. 

Foreign currency risks related to certain Euro-denominated debt are hedged using foreign exchange forward contracts that are designated as cash flow hedging instruments.

Certain options and forwards not designated as hedging instruments are also used to manage the variability in foreign exchange rates on certain balance sheet amounts and to manage other foreign currency exposures. 

Interest Rate 

Interest rate risks related to certain fixed-rate debt are hedged using interest rate swaps that are designated as fair value hedging instruments to effectively convert the fixed interest rates to floating interest rates.

Securities held in our fixed-income portfolio are subject to different interest rate risks based on their maturities. We manage the average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain broad-based fixed-income indices using option, futures, and swap contracts. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and are included in “Other contracts” in the tables below.

Equity 

Securities held in our equity investments portfolio are subject to market price risk. At times, we may hold options, futures, and swap contracts. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments.

Credit 

Our fixed-income portfolio is diversified and consists primarily of investment-grade securities. We use credit default swap contracts to manage credit exposures relative to broad-based indices and to facilitate portfolio diversification. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and are included in “Other contracts” in the tables below.

Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features 

Certain counterparty agreements for derivative instruments contain provisions that require our issued and outstanding long-term unsecured debt to maintain an investment grade credit rating and require us to maintain minimum liquidity of $1.0 billion. To the extent we fail to meet these requirements, we will be required to post collateral, similar to the standard convention related to over-the-counter derivatives. As of June 30, 2026, our long-term unsecured debt rating was AAA, and cash investments were in excess of $1.0 billion. As a result, no collateral was required to be posted. 

The following table presents the notional amounts of our outstanding derivative instruments measured in U.S. dollar equivalents:

 

(In millions)

 

June 30,

2026

 

 

June 30,

2025

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Designated as Hedging Instruments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Foreign exchange contracts purchased

 

$

1,492

 

 

$

1,492

 

Interest rate contracts purchased

 

 

1,179

 

 

 

1,150

 

 

 

 

Not Designated as Hedging Instruments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Foreign exchange contracts purchased

 

 

12,052

 

 

 

15,214

 

Foreign exchange contracts sold

 

 

51,413

 

 

 

43,307

 

Equity contracts purchased

 

 

5,573

 

 

 

5,434

 

Equity contracts sold

 

 

2,546

 

 

 

2,189

 

Other contracts purchased

 

 

3,252

 

 

 

2,769

 

Other contracts sold

 

 

630

 

 

 

1,242

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

67

PART II

Item 8

 

Fair Values of Derivative Instruments

The following table presents our derivative instruments:

 

 

 

Derivative

 

Derivative

 

Derivative

 

Derivative

 

(In millions)

 

Assets

 

Liabilities

 

Assets

 

Liabilities

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30,

2026

 

June 30,

2025

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Designated as Hedging Instruments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Foreign exchange contracts

 

$

57

 

 

$

(65

)

 

$

89

 

 

$

(44

)

Interest rate contracts

 

 

11

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

15

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Not Designated as Hedging Instruments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Foreign exchange contracts

 

 

1,742

 

 

 

(1,175

)

 

 

248

 

 

 

(809

)

Equity contracts

 

 

346

 

 

 

(181

)

 

 

385

 

 

 

(983

)

Other contracts

 

 

20

 

 

 

(9

)

 

 

21

 

 

 

(1

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gross amounts of derivatives

 

 

2,176

 

 

 

(1,430

)

 

 

758

 

 

 

(1,837

)

Gross amounts of derivatives offset in the balance sheets

 

 

(1,300

)

 

 

1,301

 

 

 

(258

)

 

 

260

 

Cash collateral received

 

 

0

 

 

 

(366

)

 

 

0

 

 

 

(99

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net amounts of derivatives

 

$

876

 

 

$

(495

)

 

$

500

 

 

$

(1,676

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Reported as

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Short-term investments

 

$

192

 

 

$

0

 

 

$

10

 

 

$

0

 

Other current assets

 

 

681

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

201

 

 

 

0

 

Equity and other investments

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

272

 

 

 

0

 

Other long-term assets

 

 

3

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

17

 

 

 

0

 

Other current liabilities

 

 

0

 

 

 

(379

)

 

 

0

 

 

 

(1,639

)

Other long-term liabilities

 

 

0

 

 

 

(116

)

 

 

0

 

 

 

(37

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

876

 

 

$

(495

)

 

$

500

 

 

$

(1,676

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gross derivative assets and liabilities subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements for which we have elected to offset were $2.2 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively, as of June 30, 2026, and $452 million and $1.8 billion, respectively, as of June 30, 2025.

The following table presents the fair value of our derivatives instruments on a gross basis:

 

(In millions)

 

Level 1

 

 

 

Level 2

 

 

Level 3

 

 

Total

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30, 2026

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Derivative assets

 

$

0

 

 

$

2,168

 

 

$

8

 

 

$

2,176

 

Derivative liabilities

 

 

0

 

 

 

(1,430

)

 

 

0

 

 

 

(1,430

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30, 2025

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Derivative assets

 

 

1

 

 

 

474

 

 

 

283

 

 

 

758

 

Derivative liabilities

 

 

0

 

 

 

(1,832

)

 

 

(5

)

 

 

(1,837

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

68

PART II

Item 8

 

Gains (losses) on derivative instruments recognized in other income (expense), net were as follows:

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Designated as Fair Value Hedging Instruments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Interest rate contracts

 

 

 

Derivatives

 

$

(5

)

 

$

5

 

 

$

(23

)

Hedged items

 

 

(25

)

 

 

(45

)

 

 

(25

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Designated as Cash Flow Hedging Instruments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Foreign exchange contracts

 

 

 

Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 

 

(63

)

 

 

103

 

 

 

(48

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Not Designated as Hedging Instruments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Foreign exchange contracts

 

 

592

 

 

 

(938

)

 

 

367

 

Equity contracts

 

 

1,864

 

 

 

(266

)

 

 

(177

)

Other contracts

 

 

(1

)

 

 

21

 

 

 

(15

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gains (losses), net of tax, on derivative instruments recognized in our consolidated comprehensive income statements were as follows:

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Designated as Cash Flow Hedging Instruments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Foreign exchange contracts

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Included in effectiveness assessment

 

$

(42

)

 

$

77

 

 

$

(14

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NOTE 6 — PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

The components of property and equipment were as follows:                                                                                        

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

 

 

Land

 

$

10,546

 

 

$

9,338

 

Buildings and improvements

 

 

182,749

 

 

 

137,921

 

Leasehold improvements

 

 

16,348

 

 

 

12,117

 

Servers, network equipment, and software

 

 

215,874

 

 

 

132,836

 

Furniture and equipment

 

 

6,250

 

 

 

6,407

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total, at cost

 

 

431,767

 

 

 

298,619

 

Accumulated depreciation

 

 

(118,691

)

 

 

(93,653

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total, net

 

$

313,076

 

 

$

204,966

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

During fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, depreciation expense was $34.3 billion, $22.0 billion, and $15.2 billion, respectively. 

As of June 30, 2026, 2025, and 2024, purchases of property and equipment remaining in accounts payable were $26.7 billion, $6.9 billion, and $4.3 billion, respectively. As of June 30, 2026, we have committed $34.6 billion for the construction of new buildings, building improvements, and leasehold improvements, primarily related to datacenters. 

NOTE 7 — BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 

Activision Blizzard, Inc.

On October 13, 2023, we completed our acquisition of Activision Blizzard, Inc. (“Activision Blizzard”) for a total purchase price of $75.4 billion, consisting primarily of cash. Activision Blizzard is a leader in game development and an interactive entertainment content publisher. The acquisition will accelerate the growth in our gaming business across mobile, PC, console, and cloud gaming. The financial results of Activision Blizzard have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. Activision Blizzard is reported as part of our More Personal Computing segment.

69

PART II

Item 8

 

The allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was completed as of September 30, 2024. The major classes of assets and liabilities to which we have allocated the purchase price were as follows:

 

(In millions) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cash and cash equivalents

 

$

12,976

 

Goodwill 

 

 

51,001

 

Intangible assets

 

 

21,969

 

Other assets

 

 

2,503

 

Long-term debt

 

 

(2,799

)

Long-term income taxes

 

 

(1,946

)

Deferred income taxes

 

 

(4,676

)

Other liabilities

 

 

(3,620

) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total purchase price

 

$

75,408

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Goodwill was assigned to our More Personal Computing segment. The goodwill was primarily attributed to increased synergies that are expected to be achieved from the integration of Activision Blizzard. Substantially all of the goodwill is expected to be non-deductible for income tax purposes.

Following are the details of the purchase price allocated to the intangible assets acquired:

 

(In millions, except average life)

 

Amount

 

 

Weighted

Average Life

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Marketing-related

 

$

11,619

 

 

 

24 years

 

Technology-based

 

 

9,689

 

 

 

4 years

 

Customer-related

 

 

661

 

 

 

4 years

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fair value of intangible assets acquired

 

$

21,969

 

 

 

15 years

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Following are the supplemental consolidated financial results of Microsoft Corporation on an unaudited pro forma basis, as if the acquisition had been consummated on July 1, 2022:

 

(In millions, except per share amounts)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

 

2024

 

 

 

2023

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue

 

$

247,442

 

 

$

219,790

 

Net income

 

 

88,308

 

 

 

71,383

 

Diluted earnings per share

 

 

11.82

 

 

 

9.55

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

These pro forma results were based on estimates and assumptions, which we believe are reasonable. They are not the results that would have been realized had we been a combined company during the periods presented and are not necessarily indicative of our consolidated results of operations in future periods. The pro forma results include adjustments related to purchase accounting, primarily amortization of intangible assets. Acquisition costs and other nonrecurring charges were immaterial and are included in the earliest period presented.

NOTE 8 — GOODWILL 

Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows:                                                                                          

 

(In millions)

 

 

June 30,

2024

 

 

 

Acquisitions

 

 

 

Other

 

 

 

June 30,

2025

 

 

 

Acquisitions

 

 

 

Other

 

 

 

June 30,
2026

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Productivity and Business Processes

 

$

31,361

 

 

$

0

 

 

$

96

 

 

$

31,457

 

 

$

67

 

 

$

46

 

 

$

31,570

 

Intelligent Cloud

 

 

25,648

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

41

 

 

 

25,689

 

 

 

36

 

 

 

16

 

 

 

25,741

 

More Personal Computing

 

 

62,211

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

152

 

 

 

62,363

 

 

 

5

 

 

 

(28

)

 

 

62,340

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

119,220

 

 

$

0

 

 

$

289

 

 

$

119,509

 

 

$

108

 

 

$

34

 

 

$

119,651

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

70

PART II

Item 8

 

The measurement periods for the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed end as soon as information on the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition dates becomes available, but do not exceed 12 months. Adjustments in purchase price allocations may require a change in the amounts allocated to goodwill during the periods in which the adjustments are determined. 

Any change in the goodwill amounts resulting from foreign currency translations and purchase accounting adjustments are presented as “Other” in the table above. Also included in “Other” are business dispositions and transfers between segments due to reorganizations, as applicable. 

Goodwill Impairment

We test goodwill for impairment annually on May 1 at the reporting unit level, primarily using a discounted cash flow methodology with a peer-based, risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital. We believe use of a discounted cash flow approach is the most reliable indicator of the fair values of the businesses. 

No instances of impairment were identified in our May 1, 2026, May 1, 2025, or May 1, 2024 tests. As of June 30, 2026 and 2025, accumulated goodwill impairment was $11.3 billion.

NOTE 9 — INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

The components of intangible assets, all of which are finite-lived, were as follows: 

 

(In millions)

 

Gross
Carrying
Amount

 

 

Accumulated
Amortization

 

 

Net Carrying
Amount

 

 

Gross
Carrying
Amount

 

 

Accumulated
Amortization

 

 

Net Carrying
Amount

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2026

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2025

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Marketing-related

 

$

16,506

 

 

$

(4,690

)

 

$

11,816

 

 

$

16,502

 

 

$

(3,901

)

 

$

12,601

 

Technology-based

 

 

22,779

 

 

 

(18,136

)

 

 

4,643

 

 

 

22,560

 

 

 

(14,959

)

 

 

7,601

 

Customer-related

 

 

4,171

 

 

 

(2,520

)

 

 

1,651

 

 

 

4,278

 

 

 

(2,050

)

 

 

2,228

 

Contract-based

 

 

623

 

 

 

(124

)

 

 

499

 

 

 

217

 

 

 

(43

)

 

 

174

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

44,079

 

 

$

(25,470

)

 

$

18,609

 

 

$

43,557

 

 

$

(20,953

)

 

$

22,604

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

No material impairments of intangible assets were identified during fiscal years 2026, 2025, or 2024. We estimate that we have no significant residual value related to our intangible assets.

The components of intangible assets acquired during the periods presented were as follows: 

 

(In millions)

 

Amount

 

 

Weighted

Average Life

 

 

Amount

 

 

Weighted

Average Life

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

 

 

 

2025

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Marketing-related

 

$

12

 

 

 

10 years

 

 

$

13

 

 

 

10 years

 

Technology-based

 

 

387

 

 

 

5 years

 

 

 

912

 

 

 

9 years

 

Customer-related

 

 

0

 

 

 

0 years

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0 years

 

Contract-based

 

 

405

 

 

 

5 years

 

 

 

171

 

 

 

5 years

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

804

 

 

 

5 years

 

 

$

1,096

 

 

 

9 years

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Intangible assets amortization expense was $4.7 billion, $6.0 billion, and $4.8 billion for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. 

71

PART II

Item 8

 

The following table outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets held as of June 30, 2026:

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ending June 30,

 

 

 

 

 

 

2027

 

$

3,097

 

2028

 

 

2,141

 

2029

 

 

1,944

 

2030

 

 

1,477

 

2031

 

 

1,128

 

Thereafter

 

 

8,822

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

18,609

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NOTE 10 — DEBT 

The components of long-term debt were as follows: 

 

(In millions, issuance by calendar year)

 

Maturities

(calendar year)

 

Stated Interest

Rate

 

 

Effective Interest

Rate

 

June 30,

2026

 

 

June 30,

2025

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2009 issuance of $3.8 billion 

 

 

 

 

2039

 

 

 

 

5.20%

 

 

 

 

5.24%

 

 

$

520

 

 

$

520

 

2010 issuance of $4.8 billion 

 

 

 

 

2040

 

 

 

 

4.50%

 

 

 

 

4.57%

 

 

 

486

 

 

 

486

 

2011 issuance of $2.3 billion 

 

 

 

 

2041

 

 

 

 

5.30%

 

 

 

 

5.36%

 

 

 

718

 

 

 

718

 

2012 issuance of $2.3 billion 

 

 

 

 

2042

 

 

 

 

3.50%

 

 

 

 

3.57%

 

 

 

454

 

 

 

454

 

2013 issuance of $5.2 billion 

 

 

 

 

2043

 

 

3.75%

–

4.88%

 

 

3.83%

–

4.92%

 

 

 

314

 

 

 

314

 

2013 issuance of €4.1 billion

 

 

2028

–

2033

 

 

2.63%

–

3.13%

 

 

2.69%

–

3.22%

 

 

 

2,630

 

 

 

2,700

 

2015 issuance of $23.8 billion 

 

 

2035

–

2055

 

 

3.50%

–

4.75%

 

 

3.60%

–

4.78%

 

 

 

4,555

 

 

 

7,555

 

2016 issuance of $19.8 billion 

 

 

2026

–

2056

 

 

2.40%

–

3.95%

 

 

2.46%

–

4.03%

 

 

 

7,930

 

 

 

7,930

 

2017 issuance of $17.1 billion 

 

 

2026

–

2057

 

 

3.30%

–

4.50%

 

 

3.38%

–

5.49%

 

 

 

6,833

 

 

 

6,833

 

2020 issuance of $10.1 billion 

 

 

2030

–

2060

 

 

1.35%

–

2.68%

 

 

2.53%

–

5.43%

 

 

 

10,111

 

 

 

10,111

 

2021 issuance of $8.2 billion 

 

 

2052

–

2062

 

 

2.92%

–

3.04%

 

 

2.92%

–

3.04%

 

 

 

8,185

 

 

 

8,185

 

2023 issuance of $0.1 billion 

 

 

2026

–

2050

 

 

1.35%

–

4.50%

 

 

5.16%

–

5.49%

 

 

 

56

 

 

 

56

 

2024 issuance of $3.3 billion 

 

 

2026

–

2050

 

 

1.35%

–

4.50%

 

 

5.16%

–

5.49%

 

 

 

3,344

 

 

 

3,344

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total face value

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

46,136

 

 

 

49,206

 

Unamortized discount and issuance costs

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(1,081

)

 

 

(1,155

)

Hedge fair value adjustments (a)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(11

)

 

 

(36

)

Premium on debt exchange 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(4,750

)

 

 

(4,864

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total debt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

40,294

 

 

 

43,151

 

Current portion of long-term debt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(9,227

)

 

 

(2,999

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Long-term debt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

31,067

 

 

$

40,152

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(a)
Refer to Note 5 – Derivatives for further information on the interest rate swaps related to fixed-rate debt.
As of June 30, 2026 and 2025, the estimated fair value of long-term debt, including the current portion, was $36.5 billion and $40.4 billion, respectively. The estimated fair values are based on Level 2 inputs. 

Debt in the table above is comprised of senior unsecured obligations and ranks equally with our other outstanding obligations. Interest is paid semi-annually, except for the Euro-denominated debt, which is paid annually. Cash paid for interest on our debt for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024 was $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion, and $1.7 billion, respectively. 

72

PART II

Item 8

 

The following table outlines maturities of our long-term debt, including the current portion, as of June 30, 2026: 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ending June 30,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2027

 

$

9,250

 

2028

 

 

0

 

2029

 

 

2,001

 

2030

 

 

0

 

2031

 

 

500

 

Thereafter

 

 

34,385

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

46,136

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NOTE 11 — INCOME TAXES

Provision for Income Taxes 

The components of the provision for income taxes were as follows: 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Current Taxes

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

U.S. federal

 

$

2,461

 

 

$

14,086

 

 

$

12,165

 

U.S. state and local

 

 

2,713

 

 

 

3,342

 

 

 

2,366

 

Foreign

 

 

12,587

 

 

 

11,423

 

 

 

9,858

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Current taxes

 

$

17,761

 

 

$

28,851

 

 

$

24,389

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Deferred Taxes

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

U.S. federal

 

$

12,780

 

 

$

(6,250

)

 

$

(4,791

)

U.S. state and local

 

 

1,113

 

 

 

(1,087

)

 

 

(379

)

Foreign

 

 

531

 

 

 

281

 

 

 

432

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Deferred taxes

 

$

14,424

 

 

$

(7,056

)

 

$

(4,738

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Provision for income taxes

 

$

32,185

 

 

$

21,795

 

 

$

19,651

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

U.S. and foreign components of income before income taxes were as follows: 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

U.S.

 

$

103,591

 

 

$

69,212

 

 

$

62,886

 

Foreign 

 

 

62,343

 

 

 

54,415

 

 

 

44,901

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Income before income taxes

 

$

165,934

 

 

$

123,627

 

 

$

107,787

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

73

PART II

Item 8

 

Effective Tax Rate

We adopted Accounting Standards Update 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (“ASU 2023-09”) prospectively. The items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at the U.S. federal statutory rate and our effective rate for the year ended June 30, 2026, pursuant to the requirements of ASU 2023-09, were as follows: 

 

(In millions, except percentages)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Federal statutory tax rate

 

$

34,846

 

 

 

21.0%

 

Effect of:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

State and local income tax, net of federal income tax effect (a)

 

 

2,573

 

 

 

1.6%

 

Foreign tax effects:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Ireland:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Statutory tax rate difference

 

 

(4,301

)

 

 

(2.6)%

 

Other

 

 

809

 

 

 

0.5%

 

Other foreign jurisdictions (b)

 

 

3,248

 

 

 

2.0%

 

Effect of cross-border tax laws:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) (c)

 

 

5,068

 

 

 

3.1%

 

Foreign-derived intangible income deduction

 

 

(603

) 

 

 

(0.4)% 

 

Other

 

 

799

 

 

 

0.5%

 

Tax credits:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Research and development credit

 

 

(1,453

)

 

 

(0.9)%

 

Foreign tax credits

 

 

(9,151

)

 

 

(5.5)%

 

Other

 

 

(14

)

 

 

(0.0)%

 

Changes in unrecognized tax benefits (d)

 

 

1,094

 

 

 

0.7%

 

Other reconciling items, net

 

 

(730

)

 

 

(0.6)%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Effective rate

 

$

32,185

 

 

 

19.4%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(a)
In fiscal year 2026, state and local income taxes in California, Illinois, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, and New York City made up the majority (greater than 50%) of the tax effect in this category.
(b)
Under ASU 2023-09, Foreign tax effects include foreign withholding taxes while the related foreign tax credits are included in the Tax credits category. Prior to adoption of ASU 2023-09, foreign withholding taxes were presented net of foreign tax credits.
(c)
Under ASU 2023-09, we elected to present the effect of cross-border tax laws gross and present the foreign tax credits related to GILTI within the Tax credits category.
(d)
Includes changes in unrecognized tax benefits on an aggregated basis for all jurisdictions, including interest and penalties.
As previously disclosed for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-09, the items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at the U.S. federal statutory rate and our effective rate were as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

Federal statutory rate

 

 

21.0%

 

 

 

21.0%

 

Effect of:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Foreign earnings taxed at lower rates

 

 

(1.5)%

 

 

 

(1.4)%

 

Foreign-derived intangible income deduction

 

 

(1.0)%

 

 

 

(1.1)%

 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit

 

 

1.5%

 

 

 

1.5%

 

Research and development credit

 

 

(1.1)%

 

 

 

(1.1)%

 

Excess tax benefits relating to stock-based compensation

 

 

(0.9)%

 

 

 

(1.1)%

 

Interest, net

 

 

1.0%

 

 

 

1.1%

 

Other reconciling items, net

 

 

(1.4)%

 

 

 

(0.7)%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Effective rate

 

 

17.6%

 

 

 

18.2%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

74

PART II

Item 8

 

The decrease from the federal statutory rate in fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024 is primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations center in Ireland. In fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, our foreign regional operating center in Ireland, which is taxed at a rate lower than the U.S. rate, generated 81%, 81%, and 83%, respectively, of our foreign income before tax. For fiscal year 2026, other reconciling items, net consists primarily of excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, impacts of tax law changes, and changes in valuation allowances. For fiscal year 2025 and 2024, other reconciling items, net consists primarily of individually immaterial reconciling items such as GILTI net of related foreign tax credit, and in fiscal year 2024, includes tax benefits from tax law changes. In fiscal year 2024, tax benefits from tax law changes primarily relate to the delay of the effective date of final foreign tax credit regulations. In fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, there were no individually significant other reconciling items.

The increase in our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2026 compared to fiscal year 2025 was primarily due to changes in the mix of our earnings and tax expenses between the U.S. and foreign countries. The decrease in our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024 was due to changes in the mix of our earnings and tax expenses between the U.S. and foreign countries.

The components of the deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows:

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

 

 

Deferred Income Tax Assets

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Stock-based compensation expense

 

$

945

 

 

$

909

 

Accruals, reserves, and other expenses

 

 

5,509

 

 

 

5,050

 

Loss and credit carryforwards

 

 

2,124

 

 

 

2,114

 

Amortization 

 

 

3,843

 

 

 

4,118

 

Leasing liabilities

 

 

22,275

 

 

 

12,874

 

Unearned revenue

 

 

5,515

 

 

 

4,324

 

Book/tax basis differences in investments and debt

 

 

0

 

 

 

303

 

Capitalized research and development 

 

 

15,305

 

 

 

16,891

 

Other

 

 

545

 

 

 

529

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Deferred income tax assets

 

 

56,061

 

 

 

47,112

 

Less valuation allowance

 

 

(1,332

)

 

 

(1,169

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Deferred income tax assets, net of valuation allowance

 

$

54,729

 

 

$

45,943

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Deferred Income Tax Liabilities

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Book/tax basis differences in investments and debt

 

$

(2,972

)

 

$

0

 

Leasing assets

 

 

(21,474

)

 

 

(12,696

)

Depreciation

 

 

(17,675

)

 

 

(5,699

)

Deferred tax on foreign earnings

 

 

(396

)

 

 

(1,148

)

Other

 

 

(152

)

 

 

(127

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Deferred income tax liabilities

 

$

(42,669

)

 

$

(19,670

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net deferred income tax assets

 

$

12,060

 

 

$

26,273

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Reported As

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Other long-term assets

 

$

15,114

 

 

$

29,108

 

Long-term deferred income tax liabilities

 

 

(3,054

)

 

 

(2,835

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net deferred income tax assets

 

$

12,060

 

 

$

26,273

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Deferred income tax balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the taxes are paid or recovered. 

75

PART II

Item 8

 

As of June 30, 2026, we had federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $369 million, $715 million, and $2.9 billion, respectively. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards have varying expiration dates ranging from fiscal year 2027 to 2046 or indefinite carryforward periods, if not utilized. The majority of our foreign net operating loss carryforwards do not expire. Certain acquired net operating loss carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation but are expected to be realized with the exception of those which have a valuation allowance. As of June 30, 2026, we had $613 million federal capital loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes. The federal capital loss carryforwards will expire in fiscal year 2030 if not utilized.

The valuation allowance disclosed in the table above relates to the foreign net operating loss carryforwards, federal capital loss carryforwards, and foreign tax credits carryforwards that may not be realized. 

Income taxes paid, net of refunds, pursuant to the disclosure requirements of ASU 2023-09 in fiscal year 2026 were as follows: 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30

 

 

 2026

 

 

 

 

U.S. federal

 

$

6,246

 

U.S. state and local

 

 

2,917

 

Foreign

 

 

 

 

Ireland

 

 

6,495

 

Other

 

 

5,530

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Income taxes paid, net of refunds

 

$

21,188

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Income taxes paid, net of refunds, were $28.7 billion, and $23.4 billion in fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. 

Uncertain Tax Positions

Gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions as of June 30, 2026, 2025, and 2024, were $25.8 billion, $24.7 billion, and $22.8 billion, respectively, which were primarily included in long-term income taxes in our consolidated balance sheets. If recognized, the resulting tax benefit would affect our effective tax rates for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024 by $21.6 billion, $21.2 billion, and $19.6 billion, respectively.

As of June 30, 2026, 2025, and 2024, we had accrued interest expense related to uncertain tax positions of $9.4 billion, $8.2 billion, and $6.8 billion, respectively, net of income tax benefits. The provision for income taxes for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024 included interest expense related to uncertain tax positions of $1.4 billion, $1.3 billion, and $1.5 billion, respectively, net of income tax benefits.

The aggregate changes in the gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions were as follows: 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Beginning unrecognized tax benefits

 

$

24,729

 

 

$

22,760

 

 

$

17,120

 

Decreases related to settlements

 

 

(221

)

 

 

(240

)

 

 

(76

)

Increases for tax positions related to the current year

 

 

1,517

 

 

 

2,066

 

 

 

1,903

 

Increases for tax positions related to prior years 

 

 

263

 

 

 

468

 

 

 

4,289

 

Decreases for tax positions related to prior years

 

 

(404

)

 

 

(300

)

 

 

(464

)

Decreases due to lapsed statutes of limitations

 

 

(53

)

 

 

(25

)

 

 

(12

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Ending unrecognized tax benefits

 

$

25,831

 

 

$

24,729

 

 

$

22,760

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We remain under audit by the IRS for tax years 2014 to 2017. With respect to the audit for tax years 2004 to 2013, on September 26, 2023, we received Notices of Proposed Adjustment (“NOPAs”) from the IRS. The primary issues in the NOPAs relate to intercompany transfer pricing. In the NOPAs, the IRS is seeking an additional tax payment of $28.9 billion plus penalties and interest. As of June 30, 2026, we believe our allowances for income tax contingencies are adequate. We disagree with the proposed adjustments and will vigorously contest the NOPAs through the IRS’s administrative appeals office and, if necessary, judicial proceedings.

76

PART II

Item 8

 

We are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the U.S., some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. The resolution of these audits is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements. Our operations in Ireland remain subject to examination for tax years 2021 and thereafter.

NOTE 12 — UNEARNED REVENUE 

Unearned revenue by segment was as follows:                                                                                                              

 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

 

 

Productivity and Business Processes

 

$

57,936

 

 

$

50,567

 

Intelligent Cloud

 

 

14,942

 

 

 

14,022

 

More Personal Computing

 

 

2,834

 

 

 

2,676

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

75,712

 

 

$

67,265

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Changes in unearned revenue were as follows:                                                                                                              

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30, 2026

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, beginning of period

 

$

67,265

 

Deferral of revenue

 

 

194,184

 

Recognition of unearned revenue

 

 

(185,737

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, end of period

 

$

75,712

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations, which includes unearned revenue and amounts expected to be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods, was $684 billion as of June 30, 2026. Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations related to the commercial portion of revenue was $678 billion as of June 30, 2026, with a weighted average duration of approximately 2.3 years. We expect to recognize approximately 30% of both our total company remaining performance obligation revenue and commercial remaining performance obligation revenue over the next 12 months and the remainder thereafter.

NOTE 13 — LEASES 

We have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research and development facilities, and certain equipment. Our leases have remaining lease terms of less than 1 year to 20 years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to 5 years, and some of which include options to terminate the leases within 1 year. 

The components of lease expense were as follows: 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

 

2025

 

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating lease cost

 

$

6,968

 

 

$

5,524

 

 

$

3,555

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Finance lease cost:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Amortization of right-of-use assets

 

$

5,403

 

 

$

3,408

 

 

$

1,800

 

Interest on lease liabilities

 

 

2,547

 

 

 

1,417

 

 

 

734

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total finance lease cost

 

$

7,950

 

 

$

4,825

 

 

$

2,534

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

77

PART II

Item 8

 

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows:

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

 

2025

 

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating cash flows from operating leases

 

$

6,443

 

 

$

4,931

 

 

$

3,550

 

Operating cash flows from finance leases

 

 

2,547

 

 

 

1,372

 

 

 

734

 

Financing cash flows from finance leases

 

 

3,101

 

 

 

2,283

 

 

 

1,286

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating leases

 

 

4,555

 

 

 

7,826

 

 

 

6,703

 

Finance leases

 

 

24,608

 

 

 

20,511

 

 

 

11,633

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:

 

(In millions, except lease term and discount rate)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

 

 

Operating Leases

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating lease right-of-use assets

 

$

24,177

 

 

$

24,823

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Other current liabilities

 

$

5,393

 

 

$

5,424

 

Operating lease liabilities

 

 

16,532

 

 

 

17,437

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total operating lease liabilities

 

$

21,925

 

 

$

22,861

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Finance Leases

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Property and equipment, at cost

 

$

82,712

 

 

$

53,876

 

Accumulated depreciation

 

 

(15,431

)

 

 

(9,861

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Property and equipment, net

 

$

67,281

 

 

$

44,015

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Other current liabilities

 

$

4,290

 

 

$

3,172

 

Other long-term liabilities

 

 

62,304

 

 

 

43,000

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total finance lease liabilities

 

$

66,594

 

 

$

46,172

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating leases

 

 

6 years

 

 

 

6 years

 

Finance leases

 

 

13 years

 

 

 

13 years

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Weighted Average Discount Rate

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating leases

 

 

3.7%

 

 

 

3.5%

 

Finance leases

 

 

4.5%

 

 

 

4.2%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The following table outlines maturities of our lease liabilities as of June 30, 2026:

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ending June 30,

 

Operating

 Leases

 

 

Finance

 Leases

 

 

 

 

2027

 

$

6,082

 

 

$

7,121

 

2028

 

 

4,334

 

 

 

7,294

 

2029

 

 

3,146

 

 

 

6,668

 

2030

 

 

2,612

 

 

 

6,570

 

2031

 

 

2,316

 

 

 

6,543

 

Thereafter

 

 

6,216

 

 

 

55,490

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total lease payments

 

 

24,706

 

 

 

89,686

 

Less imputed interest

 

 

(2,781

)

 

 

(23,092

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

21,925

 

 

$

66,594

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

As of June 30, 2026, we had additional leases, primarily for datacenters, that had not yet commenced of $329.1 billion, with some arrangements subject to certain contractual conditions being met. These leases will commence between fiscal year 2027 and fiscal year 2033 with lease terms of 1 year to 20 years.

78

PART II

Item 8

 

NOTE 14 — CONTINGENCIES

Irish Data Protection Commission Matter

In 2018, the Irish Data Protection Commission (“IDPC”) began investigating a complaint against LinkedIn as to whether LinkedIn’s targeted advertising practices violated the recently implemented European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Microsoft cooperated throughout the period of inquiry. In October 2024, the IDPC provided LinkedIn with a final decision alleging GDPR violations and assessing a fine. In November 2024, LinkedIn appealed the final decision. A preliminary hearing was held in December 2025. The court issued a ruling on the standard of appeal, which the IDPC may appeal.

Other Contingencies 

We also are subject to a variety of other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Although management currently believes that resolving claims against us, individually or in aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements, these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. 

As of June 30, 2026, we accrued aggregate legal liabilities of $553 million. While we intend to defend these matters vigorously, adverse outcomes that we estimate could reach approximately $400 million in aggregate beyond recorded amounts are reasonably possible. Were unfavorable final outcomes to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements for the period in which the effects become reasonably estimable. 

NOTE 15 — STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 

Shares Outstanding 

Shares of common stock outstanding were as follows:

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, beginning of year

 

 

7,434

 

 

 

7,434

 

 

 

7,432

 

Issued

 

 

29

 

 

 

31

 

 

 

34

 

Repurchased

 

 

(36

)

 

 

(31

)

 

 

(32

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, end of year

 

 

7,427

 

 

 

7,434

 

 

 

7,434

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Share Repurchases

On September 14, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $60.0 billion in share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in November 2021 and was completed in April 2025.

On September 16, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $60.0 billion in share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in April 2025, following completion of the program approved on September 14, 2021, has no expiration date, and may be terminated at any time. As of June 30, 2026, $40.6 billion remained of this $60.0 billion share repurchase program.

We repurchased the following shares of common stock under the share repurchase programs:

 

(In millions)

 

Shares

 

 

Amount

 

 

Shares

 

 

Amount

 

 

Shares

 

 

Amount

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

First Quarter

 

 

8

 

 

$

3,955

 

 

 

7

 

 

$

2,800

 

 

 

11

 

 

$

3,560

 

Second Quarter

 

 

12

 

 

 

5,964

 

 

 

8

 

 

 

3,500

 

 

 

7

 

 

 

2,800

 

Third Quarter

 

 

7

 

 

 

3,400

 

 

 

8

 

 

 

3,500

 

 

 

7

 

 

 

2,800

 

Fourth Quarter

 

 

9

 

 

 

3,400

 

 

 

8

 

 

 

3,200

 

 

 

7

 

 

 

2,800

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

 

36

 

 

$

16,719

 

 

 

31

 

 

$

13,000

 

 

 

32

 

 

$

11,960

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

79

PART II

Item 8

 

All share repurchases were made using cash resources. Shares repurchased during fiscal year 2026 were under the share repurchase program approved on September 16, 2024. Shares repurchased during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025 were under the share repurchase programs approved on September 14, 2021 and September 16, 2024. All other shares repurchased were under the share repurchase program approved on September 14, 2021. The above table excludes shares repurchased to settle employee tax withholding related to the vesting of stock awards of $5.6 billion, $5.4 billion, and $5.3 billion for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively.

Dividends 

Our Board of Directors declared the following dividends:

 

Declaration Date

 

 

Record Date

 

 

 

Payment Date

 

Dividend

Per Share 

 

 

Amount 

 

 

 

 

 

Fiscal Year 2026

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

September 15, 2025

 

 

November 20, 2025

 

 

 

December 11, 2025

 

 

$

0.91

 

 

$

6,762

 

December 2, 2025

 

 

February 19, 2026

 

 

 

March 12, 2026

 

 

 

0.91

 

 

 

6,756

 

March 10, 2026

 

 

May 21, 2026

 

 

 

June 11, 2026

 

 

 

0.91

 

 

 

6,758

 

June 10, 2026

 

 

August 20, 2026

 

 

 

September 10, 2026

 

 

 

0.91

 

 

 

6,759

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

3.64

 

 

$

27,035

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fiscal Year 2025

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

September 16, 2024

 

 

November 21, 2024

 

 

 

December 12, 2024

 

 

$

0.83

 

 

$

6,170

 

December 3, 2024

 

 

February 20, 2025

 

 

 

March 13, 2025

 

 

 

0.83

 

 

 

6,169

 

March 11, 2025

 

 

May 15, 2025

 

 

 

June 12, 2025

 

 

 

0.83

 

 

 

6,169

 

June 10, 2025

 

 

August 21, 2025

 

 

 

September 11, 2025

 

 

 

0.83

 

 

 

6,168

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

3.32

 

 

$

24,676

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The dividend declared on June 10, 2026 was included in other current liabilities as of June 30, 2026. 

80

PART II

Item 8

 

NOTE 16 — ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component:

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Derivatives

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, beginning of period

 

$

(8

)

 

$

(3

)

 

$

(27

) 

Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax of $(11), $20, and $(4)

 

 

(42

)

 

 

77

 

 

 

(14

)

Reclassification adjustments for (gains) losses included in other income (expense), net

 

 

63

 

 

 

(103

)

 

 

48

 

Tax expense (benefit) included in provision for income taxes

 

 

(13

)

 

 

21

 

 

 

(10

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 

 

50

 

 

 

(82

)

 

 

38

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net change related to derivatives, net of tax of $2, $(1), and $6

 

 

8

 

 

 

(5

)

 

 

24

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, end of period

 

$

0

 

 

$

(8

)

 

$

(3

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Investments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, beginning of period

 

$

(1,051

) 

 

$

(2,625

) 

 

$

(3,582

)

Unrealized gains, net of tax of $57, $411, and $247

 

 

232

 

 

 

1,560

 

 

 

915

 

Reclassification adjustments for (gains) losses included in other income (expense), net

 

 

(21

)

 

 

17

 

 

 

53

 

Tax expense (benefit) included in provision for income taxes

 

 

4

 

 

 

(3

)

 

 

(11

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 

 

(17

)

 

 

14

 

 

 

42

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net change related to investments, net of tax of $53, $414, and $258

 

 

215

 

 

 

1,574

 

 

 

957

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, end of period

 

$

(836

)

 

$

(1,051

)

 

$

(2,625

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Translation Adjustments and Other

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, beginning of period

 

$

(2,288

)

 

$

(2,962

)

 

$

(2,734

)

Translation adjustments and other, net of tax of $0, $8, and $0

 

 

(160

)

 

 

674

 

 

 

(228

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance, end of period

 

$

(2,448

)

 

$

(2,288

)

 

$

(2,962

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, end of period

 

$

(3,284

)

 

$

(3,347

)

 

$

(5,590

)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NOTE 17 — EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS

We grant stock-based compensation to employees and directors. Awards that expire or are canceled without delivery of shares generally become available for issuance under the plans. We issue new shares of Microsoft common stock to satisfy vesting of awards granted under our stock plans. We also have an ESPP for all eligible employees.

Stock-based compensation expense and related income tax benefits were as follows: 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Stock-based compensation expense

 

$

12,405

 

 

$

11,974

 

 

$

10,734

 

Income tax benefits related to stock-based compensation

 

 

2,089

 

 

 

2,027

 

 

 

1,826

 

 

 

 

Stock Plans

Stock awards entitle the holder to receive shares of Microsoft common stock as the award vests. Stock awards generally vest over a service period of four years or five years. 

Executive Incentive Plan 

Under the Executive Incentive Plan, the Compensation Committee approves stock awards to executive officers and certain senior executives. RSUs generally vest ratably over a service period of four years. PSUs generally vest over a performance period of three years. The number of shares the PSU holder receives is based on the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have been achieved.

81

PART II

Item 8

 

Activity for All Stock Plans 

The fair value of stock awards was estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

 

 

 

2026

 

 

 

 

 

2025

 

 

 

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Dividends per share (quarterly amounts)

 

$

0.83 – 0.91

 

 

$

0.75 – 0.83

 

 

$

0.68 – 0.75

 

Interest rates

 

 

3.4% – 4.5%

 

 

 

3.4% – 5.5%

 

 

 

3.8% – 5.6%

 

 

 

 

 

 

During fiscal year 2026, the following activity occurred under our stock plans: 

 

Shares

 

 

Weighted Average

Grant-Date Fair

Value

 

 

 

 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

Stock Awards

 

 

 

 

Nonvested balance, beginning of year

 

 

82

 

 

$

347.44

 

Granted (a)

 

 

41

 

 

 

471.00

 

Vested

 

 

(35

)

 

 

342.98

 

Forfeited

 

 

(10

)

 

 

384.57

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Nonvested balance, end of year

 

 

78

 

 

 

409.94

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(a)
Includes 1 million of PSUs granted at target and performance adjustments above target levels for each of the fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024.
As of June 30, 2026, total unrecognized compensation costs related to stock awards were $24.8 billion. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of three years. The weighted average grant-date fair value of stock awards granted was $471.00, $413.90, and $339.46 for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. The fair value of stock awards vested was $16.3 billion, $16.2 billion, and $16.0 billion, for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. As of June 30, 2026, an aggregate of 292 million shares were authorized for future grant under our stock plans.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

We have an ESPP for all eligible employees. Shares of our common stock may be purchased by employees at three-month intervals at 90% of the fair market value on the last trading day of each three-month period. Employees may purchase shares having a value not exceeding 15% of their gross compensation during an offering period. 

Employees purchased the following shares during the periods presented:

 

(Shares in millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Shares purchased

 

 

5

 

 

 

6

 

 

 

6

 

Average price per share

 

$

382.92

 

 

$

385.10

 

 

$

339.46

 

 

 

 

As of June 30, 2026, 57 million shares of our common stock were reserved for future issuance through the ESPP. 

Savings Plans 

We have savings plans in the U.S. that qualify under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, and a number of savings plans in international locations. Eligible U.S. employees may contribute a portion of their salary into the savings plans, subject to certain limitations. We match a portion of each dollar a participant contributes into the plans. Employer-funded retirement benefits for all plans were $1.8 billion, $1.8 billion, and $1.7 billion in fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively, and were expensed as contributed.

82

PART II

Item 8

 

NOTE 18 — SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA

In its operation of the business, management, including our chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), who is also our Chief Executive Officer, reviews certain financial information, including segmented internal profit and loss statements. The primary profitability measure used by the CODM to review segment operating results is operating income. The CODM uses operating income to allocate resources during our annual planning process and throughout the year, as well as to assess the performance of our segments, primarily by monitoring actual results compared to prior periods and expected results. During the periods presented, we reported our financial performance based on the following three segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing. 

Our reportable segments are described below. 

Productivity and Business Processes 

Our Productivity and Business Processes segment consists of products and services in our portfolio of productivity, communication, and information services, spanning a variety of devices and platforms. This segment primarily comprises:

•
Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud, comprising Microsoft 365 Commercial, Enterprise Mobility + Security, the cloud portion of Windows Commercial, the per-user portion of Power BI, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft 365 Security and Compliance, and Microsoft 365 Copilot; and Microsoft 365 Commercial products, comprising Windows Commercial on-premises and Office licensed on-premises.
•
Microsoft 365 Consumer products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions, Office licensed on-premises, and other consumer services.
•
LinkedIn, including Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions.
•
Dynamics products and cloud services, including Dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud-based applications across ERP, CRM, Power Apps, and Power Automate; and on-premises ERP and CRM applications.
Intelligent Cloud

Our Intelligent Cloud segment consists of our public, private, and hybrid server products and cloud services that power modern business and developers. This segment primarily comprises:

•
Server products and cloud services, including Azure and other cloud services, comprising cloud and AI consumption-based services, GitHub cloud services, Health and Life Sciences cloud services (formerly Nuance Healthcare cloud services), virtual desktop offerings, and other cloud services; and Server products, comprising SQL Server, Windows Server, Visual Studio, System Center, related Client Access Licenses, and other on-premises offerings.
•
Enterprise and partner services, including Enterprise Support Services, Industry Solutions, Microsoft Partner Network, and Learning Experience.
More Personal Computing

Our More Personal Computing segment consists of products and services that put customers at the center of the experience with our technology. This segment primarily comprises:

•
Windows and Devices, including Windows OEM licensing (Windows Pro and non-Pro licenses sold through the OEM channel) and Devices, comprising Surface and PC accessories.
•
XBOX (formerly Gaming), including XBOX hardware and XBOX content and services, comprising first- and third-party content (including games and in-game content), XBOX Game Pass and other subscriptions, XBOX Cloud Gaming, advertising, and other cloud services.
•
Search advertising (formerly Search and news advertising), comprising Bing, Copilot, Microsoft News, Microsoft Edge, and third-party affiliates.
83

PART II

Item 8

 

Revenue and costs are generally directly attributed to our segments. However, due to the integrated structure of our business, certain revenue recognized and costs incurred by one segment may benefit other segments. Revenue from certain contracts is allocated among the segments based on the relative value of the underlying products and services, which can include allocation based on actual prices charged, prices when sold separately, or estimated costs plus a profit margin. Cost of revenue is allocated in certain cases based on a relative revenue methodology. Operating expenses that are allocated primarily include those relating to our investments in AI infrastructure and training, as well as marketing of products and services, from which multiple segments benefit and are generally allocated based on relative gross margin.

In addition, certain costs are incurred at a corporate level and allocated to our segments. These allocated costs generally include legal, including settlements and fines, information technology, human resources, finance, excise taxes, field selling, shared facilities services, customer service and support, and severance incurred as part of a corporate program. Each allocation is measured differently based on the specific facts and circumstances of the costs being allocated and is generally based on relative gross margin or relative headcount.

Segment revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses, and operating income were as follows during the periods presented:

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

 

2026

 

 

 

2025

 

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Productivity and Business Processes

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue

 

$

139,996

 

 

$

120,810

 

 

$

106,820

 

Cost of revenue

 

 

25,017

 

 

 

22,422

 

 

 

19,611

 

Operating expenses

 

 

31,100

 

 

 

28,615

 

 

 

27,548

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating income

 

$

83,879

 

 

$

69,773

 

 

$

59,661

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Intelligent Cloud

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue

 

$

137,791

 

 

$

106,265

 

 

$

87,464

 

Cost of revenue

 

 

57,876

 

 

 

40,171

 

 

 

29,611

 

Operating expenses

 

 

22,943

 

 

 

21,505

 

 

 

20,040

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating income

 

$

56,972

 

 

$

44,589

 

 

$

37,813

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

More Personal Computing

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue

 

$

54,052

 

 

$

54,649

 

 

$

50,838

 

Cost of revenue

 

 

23,481

 

 

 

25,238

 

 

 

24,892

 

Operating expenses

 

 

16,185

 

 

 

15,245

 

 

 

13,987

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating income

 

$

14,386

 

 

$

14,166

 

 

$

11,959

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue

 

$

331,839

 

 

$

281,724

 

 

$

245,122

 

Cost of revenue

 

 

106,374

 

 

 

87,831

 

 

 

74,114

 

Operating expenses

 

 

70,228

 

 

 

65,365

 

 

 

61,575

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Operating income

 

$

155,237

 

 

$

128,528

 

 

$

109,433

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

No sales to an individual customer or country other than the United States accounted for more than 10% of revenue for fiscal years 2026, 2025, or 2024. Revenue, classified by the major geographic areas in which our customers were located, was as follows:

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

United States (a)

 

$

170,794

 

 

$

144,546

 

 

$

124,704

 

Other countries

 

 

161,045

 

 

 

137,178

 

 

 

120,418

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

331,839

 

 

$

281,724

 

 

$

245,122

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(a)
Includes billings to OEMs and certain multinational organizations because of the nature of these businesses and the impracticability of determining the geographic source of the revenue. 
84

PART II

Item 8

 

Revenue, classified by significant product and service offerings, was as follows: 

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Year Ended June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

Server products and cloud services

 

$

129,425

 

 

$

98,435

 

 

$

79,828

 

Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services

 

 

101,997

 

 

 

87,767

 

 

 

76,969

 

XBOX

 

 

21,790

 

 

 

23,455

 

 

 

21,503

 

LinkedIn

 

 

19,817

 

 

 

17,812

 

 

 

16,372

 

Windows and Devices

 

 

17,084

 

 

 

17,314

 

 

 

17,026

 

Search advertising

 

 

15,176

 

 

 

13,878

 

 

 

12,306

 

Microsoft 365 Consumer products and cloud services

 

 

9,175

 

 

 

7,404

 

 

 

6,648

 

Dynamics products and cloud services

 

 

9,006

 

 

 

7,827

 

 

 

6,831

 

Enterprise and partner services

 

 

8,260

 

 

 

7,760

 

 

 

7,594

 

Other

 

 

109

 

 

 

72

 

 

 

45

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

331,839

 

 

$

281,724

 

 

$

245,122

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Microsoft Cloud revenue, which includes Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud, Azure and other cloud services, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, and Dynamics 365, was $214.4 billion, $168.9 billion, and $137.7 billion in fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. These amounts are included in Server products and cloud services, Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services, LinkedIn, and Dynamics products and cloud services in the table above.

Assets are not allocated to segments for internal reporting presentations. A portion of amortization and depreciation is included with various other costs in an overhead allocation to each segment. It is impracticable for us to separately identify the amount of amortization and depreciation by segment that is included in the measure of segment profit or loss.

Long-lived assets, excluding financial instruments and tax assets, classified by the location of the controlling statutory company and with countries over 10% of the total shown separately, were as follows:

 

(In millions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

June 30,

 

2026

 

 

2025

 

 

2024

 

 

 

 

 

United States

 

$

300,354

 

 

$

230,069

 

 

$

186,106

 

Other countries

 

 

175,159

 

 

 

141,833

 

 

 

115,263

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total

 

$

475,513

 

 

$

371,902

 

 

$

301,369

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

85

PART II

Item 8

 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of June 30, 2026 and 2025, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders' equity, for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2026, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2026 and 2025, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2026, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated July 29, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

86

PART II

Item 8

 

Revenue Recognition – Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. The Company offers customers the ability to acquire multiple licenses of software products and services, including cloud-based services, in its customer agreements through its volume licensing programs.

Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in determining revenue recognition for certain customer agreements, and includes the following:

•
Determination of whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together, such as software licenses and related services that are sold with cloud-based services.
•
The pattern of delivery (i.e., timing of when revenue is recognized) for each distinct performance obligation.
•
Identification and treatment of contract terms that may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognized (e.g., variable consideration, optional purchases, and free services). 
•
Determination of stand-alone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation and for products and services that are not sold separately.
Given these factors and due to the volume of transactions, the related audit effort in evaluating management's judgments in determining revenue recognition for certain customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our principal audit procedures related to the Company's revenue recognition for certain customer agreements included the following:

•
We tested the effectiveness of controls related to the identification of distinct performance obligations, the determination of the timing of revenue recognition, and the estimation of variable consideration.
•
We evaluated management's significant accounting policies related to certain customer agreements for reasonableness.
•
We selected a sample of customer agreements and performed the following procedures:
o
Obtained and read contract source documents for each selection, including master agreements, and other documents that were part of the agreement.
o
Tested management's identification and treatment of contract terms. 
o
Assessed the terms in the customer agreement and evaluated the appropriateness of management's application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of revenue recognition conclusions.
•
We evaluated the reasonableness of management's estimate of stand-alone selling prices for products and services that are not sold separately.
•
We tested the mathematical accuracy of management's calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements.
87

PART II

Item 8

 

Income Taxes – Uncertain Tax Positions – Refer to Note 11 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Company’s long-term income taxes liability includes uncertain tax positions related to transfer pricing issues that remain unresolved with the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”). The Company remains under IRS audit, or subject to IRS audit, for tax years subsequent to 2003. During fiscal year 2024, the Company received Notices of Proposed Adjustments (“NOPAs”) for the tax years 2004 to 2013, primarily related to intercompany transfer pricing. While the Company has settled a portion of the IRS audits, resolution of the remaining matters could have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements. 

Conclusions on recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions involve significant estimates and management judgment and include complex considerations of the Internal Revenue Code, related regulations, tax case laws, and prior-year audit settlements. Given the complexity and the subjective nature of certain transfer pricing issues that remain unresolved with the IRS, evaluating management’s estimates relating to their determination of uncertain tax positions required a high degree of auditor judgment, including involvement of our tax specialists.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our principal audit procedures to evaluate management’s estimates of uncertain tax positions related to unresolved transfer pricing issues included the following:

•
We evaluated management’s methods and assumptions used in the measurement and disclosure of uncertain tax positions, which included testing the effectiveness of the related internal controls.
•
We tested the reasonableness of management’s judgments regarding the future resolution of uncertain tax positions, as follows:
o
We evaluated whether management had appropriately considered new information that could significantly change the measurement of the uncertain tax positions.
o
We evaluated the reasonableness of management’s estimates by considering how changes in tax law, including statutes, regulations, and recent case law, impacted management’s judgments.
•
We evaluated the appropriateness of the disclosures in relation to the underlying facts, judgments, and conclusions.
 

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

 

Seattle, Washington

July 29, 2026

 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1983.

88

PART II

Item 9, 9A

 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our consolidated financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected. 

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2026. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2026 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche LLP has audited our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2026; their report is included in Item 9A. 

89

PART II

Item 9A

 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of June 30, 2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2026, of the Company and our report dated July 29, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion 

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

 

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

 

Seattle, Washington

July 29, 2026

90

PART II, III 

Item 9B, 9C, 10, 11

 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Insider Trading Arrangements 

Our Section 16 officers and directors, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), may from time to time enter into plans for the purchase or sale of our common stock that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act. During the quarter ended June 30, 2026, the following Section 16 officers and directors adopted, modified, or terminated “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act):

•
Amy E. Hood, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, adopted a new written 10b5-1 trading plan on June 10, 2026, during an open trading window. The plan’s maximum duration is until March 5, 2027. The first trade will not occur until September 14, 2026, at the earliest. The trading plan is intended to permit Ms. Hood to sell (i) up to 48,700 shares of our common stock, (ii) 100% of net vested shares of our common stock pursuant to Restricted Stock Awards that will vest on August 31, 2026, and (iii) 100% of net vested shares of our common stock pursuant to Restricted Stock Awards that will vest on February 28, 2027. 
No other officers or directors, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), adopted, modified, or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, during the three months ended June 30, 2026.

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

A list of our executive officers and biographical information appears in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Information about our directors may be found under the caption “Our Director Nominees” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held December 8, 2026 (the “Proxy Statement”). Information about our Audit Committee may be found under the caption “Board Committees” in the Proxy Statement. Information about our trading policies and procedures can be found under the caption “Insider Trading Policies and Procedures” in the Proxy Statement. That information is incorporated herein by reference. 

We have adopted the Microsoft Finance Code of Professional Conduct (the “finance code of ethics”), a code of ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, and other finance organization employees. The finance code of ethics is publicly available on our website at https://aka.ms/FinanceCodeProfessionalConduct. If we make any substantive amendments to the finance code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Chief Accounting Officer, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on that website or in a report on Form 8-K. 

We will provide disclosure of delinquent Section 16(a) reports, if any, in our Proxy Statement under the caption “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports,” and such disclosure, if any, is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions “Director Compensation,” “Named Executive Officer Compensation,” “Compensation Committee Report,” and, if required, “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” is incorporated herein by reference. 

91

PART III

Item 12, 13, 14

 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions “Stock Ownership Information,” “Principal Shareholders,” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information set forth in the Proxy Statement under the captions “Director Independence” and “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Information concerning fees and services provided by our principal accountant, Deloitte & Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. 34), appears in the Proxy Statement under the headings “Fees Billed by Deloitte & Touche” and “Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditor” and is incorporated herein by reference. 

92

PART IV

Item 15

 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
Financial Statements and Schedules 
The financial statements are set forth under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, as indexed below. Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they either are not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included. 

 

Index to Financial Statements

 

Page

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Income Statements

 

50

 

 

 

 

Comprehensive Income Statements

 

51

 

 

 

 

Balance Sheets

 

52

 

 

 

 

Cash Flows Statements

 

53

 

 

 

 

Stockholders’ Equity Statements

 

54

 

 

 

 

Notes to Financial Statements

 

55

 

 

 

 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

 

86

 

 

(b)
Exhibit Listing 
 

 

 

 

 

 

Incorporated by Reference

 

Exhibit

Number

 

Exhibit Description

 

Filed

Herewith

 

Form

 

Period

Ending

 

Exhibit

 

Filing Date

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3.1

 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Microsoft Corporation

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

3.1

 

12/1/2016

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3.2

 

Bylaws of Microsoft Corporation

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

3.2

 

7/1/2025

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.1

 

Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (“Base Indenture”)

 

 

 

S-3ASR

 

 

 

4.1

 

10/29/2015

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.2

 

Form of First Supplemental Indenture for 2.95% Notes due 2014, 4.20% Notes due 2019, and 5.20% Notes due 2039, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, to the Base Indenture

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.2

 

5/15/2009

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.3

 

Form of Second Supplemental Indenture for 0.875% Notes due 2013, 1.625% Notes due 2015, 3.00% Notes due 2020, and 4.50% Notes due 2040, dated as of September 27, 2010, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.2

 

9/27/2010

 

93

PART IV

Item 15

 

 

 

 

 

 

Incorporated by Reference

 

Exhibit

Number

 

Exhibit Description

 

Filed

Herewith

 

Form

 

Period

Ending

 

Exhibit

 

Filing Date

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.4

 

Third Supplemental Indenture for 2.500% Notes due 2016, 4.000% Notes due 2021, and 5.300% Notes due 2041, dated as of February 8, 2011, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.2

 

2/8/2011

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.5

 

Fourth Supplemental Indenture for 0.875% Notes due 2017, 2.125% Notes due 2022, and 3.500% Notes due 2042, dated as of November 7, 2012, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.1

 

11/7/2012

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.6

 

Fifth Supplemental Indenture for 2.625% Notes due 2033, dated as of May 2, 2013, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.1

 

5/1/2013

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.7

 

Sixth Supplemental Indenture for 1.000% Notes due 2018, 2.375% Notes due 2023, and 3.750% Notes due 2043, dated as of May 2, 2013, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.2

 

5/1/2013

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.8

 

Seventh Supplemental Indenture for 2.125% Notes due 2021 and 3.125% Notes due 2028, dated as of December 6, 2013, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.1

 

12/6/2013

 

94

PART IV

Item 15

 

 

 

 

 

 

Incorporated by Reference

 

Exhibit

Number

 

Exhibit Description

 

Filed

Herewith

 

Form

 

Period

Ending

 

Exhibit

 

Filing Date

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.9

 

Eighth Supplemental Indenture for 1.625% Notes due 2018, 3.625% Notes due 2023, and 4.875% Notes due 2043, dated as of December 6, 2013, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.2

 

12/6/2013

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.10

 

Ninth Supplemental Indenture for 1.850% Notes due 2020, 2.375% Notes due 2022, 2.700% Notes due 2025, 3.500% Notes due 2035, 3.750% Notes due 2045, and 4.000% Notes due 2055, dated as of February 12, 2015, between Microsoft Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.1

 

2/12/2015

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.11

 

Tenth Supplemental Indenture for 1.300% Notes due 2018, 2.000% Notes due 2020, 2.650% Notes due 2022, 3.125% Notes due 2025, 4.200% Notes due 2035, 4.450% Notes due 2045, and 4.750% Notes due 2055, dated as of November 3, 2015, between Microsoft Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.1

 

11/3/2015

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.12

 

Eleventh Supplemental Indenture for 1.100% Notes due 2019, 1.550% Notes due 2021, 2.000% Notes due 2023, 2.400% Notes due 2026, 3.450% Notes due 2036, 3.700% Notes due 2046, and 3.950% Notes due 2056, dated as of August 8, 2016, between Microsoft Corporation and U.S. Bank, National Association, as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.1

 

8/5/2016

 

95

PART IV

Item 15

 

 

 

 

 

 

Incorporated by Reference

 

Exhibit

Number

 

Exhibit Description

 

Filed

Herewith

 

Form

 

Period

Ending

 

Exhibit

 

Filing Date

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.13

 

Twelfth Supplemental Indenture for 1.850% Notes due 2020, 2.400% Notes due 2022, 2.875% Notes due 2024, 3.300% Notes due 2027, 4.100% Notes due 2037, 4.250% Notes due 2047, and 4.500% Notes due 2057, dated as of February 6, 2017, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.1

 

2/3/2017

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.14

 

Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture for 2.525% Notes due 2050 and 2.675% Notes due 2060, dated as of June 1, 2020, between Microsoft Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.1

 

6/1/2020

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.15

 

Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture for 2.921% Notes due 2052 and 3.041% Notes due 2062, dated as of March 17, 2021, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.1

 

3/17/2021

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.16

 

Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 6, 2023, by and between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.2

 

11/6/2023

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.17

 

Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2016, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400% Senior Notes due 2026

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.9

 

11/6/2023

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.18

 

Base Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2017, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400% Senior Notes due 2027, 1.350% Senior Notes due 2030, 4.500% Senior Notes due 2047 and 2.500% Senior Notes due 2050

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.10

 

11/6/2023

 

96

PART IV

Item 15

 

 

 

 

 

 

Incorporated by Reference

 

Exhibit

Number

 

Exhibit Description

 

Filed

Herewith

 

Form

 

Period

Ending

 

Exhibit

 

Filing Date

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.19

 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2017, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400% Senior Notes due 2027 and 4.500% Senior Notes due 2047

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.11

 

11/6/2023

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.20

 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 10, 2020, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 1.350% Senior Notes due 2030 and 2.500% Senior Notes due 2050

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.12

 

11/6/2023

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.21

 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2023, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400% Senior Notes due 2026

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.13

 

11/6/2023

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.22

 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2023, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400% Senior Notes due 2027 and 4.500% Senior Notes due 2047

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.14

 

11/6/2023

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.23

 

Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2023, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 1.350% Senior Notes due 2030 and 2.500% Senior Notes due 2050

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

4.15

 

11/6/2023

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.24

 

Description of Securities

 

 

 

10-K

 

6/30/2024

 

4.26

 

7/30/2024

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.1*

 

Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan

 

 

 

10-Q

 

9/30/2016

 

10.1

 

10/20/2016

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.2*

 

Form of Executive Incentive Plan (Executive Officer SAs) Stock Award Agreement under the Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan

 

 

 

10-Q

 

9/30/2016

 

10.18

 

10/20/2016

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.3*

 

Form of Executive Incentive Plan Performance Stock Award Agreement under the Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan

 

 

 

10-Q

 

9/30/2016

 

10.25

 

10/20/2016

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.4*

 

Microsoft Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan

 

 

 

DEF14A

 

 

 

Annex A

 

10/14/2021

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.5*

 

Microsoft Corporation 2017 Stock Plan

 

 

 

DEF14A

 

 

 

Annex C

 

10/16/2017

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.6*

 

Form of Stock Award Agreement Under the Microsoft Corporation 2017 Stock Plan

 

 

 

10-Q

 

3/31/2018

 

10.26

 

4/26/2018

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.7*

 

Form of Performance Stock Award Agreement Under the Microsoft Corporation 2017 Stock Plan

 

 

 

10-Q

 

3/31/2018

 

10.27

 

4/26/2018

 

97

PART IV

Item 15

 

 

 

 

 

 

Incorporated by Reference

 

Exhibit

Number

 

Exhibit Description

 

Filed

Herewith

 

Form

 

Period

Ending

 

Exhibit

 

Filing Date

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.8*

 

Microsoft Corporation 2026 Stock Plan

 

 

 

10-Q

 

3/31/2026

 

10.1

 

4/29/2026

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.9*

 

Form of Stock Award Agreement Under the Microsoft Corporation 2026 Stock Plan

 

 

 

10-Q

 

 3/31/2026

 

10.2

 

4/29/2026

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.10*

 

Microsoft Corporation Executive Incentive Plan

 

 

 

10-Q

 

 3/30/2026

 

10.3

 

4/29/2026

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.11*

 

Microsoft Corporation Executive Incentive Plan

 

 

 

10-Q

 

9/30/2016

 

10.17

 

10/20/2016

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.12*

 

Microsoft Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan

 

 

 

10-K

 

6/30/2024

 

10.5

 

7/30/2024

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.13*

 

Microsoft Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors

 

 

 

10-Q

 

3/31/2026

 

10.4

 

4/29/2026

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.14*

 

Senior Executive Severance Benefit Plan 

 

 

 

10-Q

 

9/30/2016

 

10.22

 

10/20/2016

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.15

 

Amended and Restated Officers’ Indemnification Trust Agreement between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee

 

 

 

10-K

 

6/30/2025

 

10.7

 

7/30/2025

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.16

 

Form of Indemnification Agreement and Amended and Restated Directors’ Indemnification Trust Agreement between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee

 

 

 

10-K

 

6/30/2025

 

10.8

 

7/30/2025

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.17*

 

Offer Letter, dated February 3, 2014, between Microsoft Corporation and Satya Nadella

 

 

 

8-K

 

 

 

10.1

 

2/4/2014

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

19.1

 

General Insider Trading Policy

 

X

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

19.2

 

Restricted Trading Window Policy

 

X

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

19.3

 

Insider Trading Compliance and Preclearance Policies for Section 16 Officers and Directors of Microsoft

 

X

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

21

 

Subsidiaries of Registrant

 

X

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

23.1

 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

 

X

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

31.1

 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

 

X

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

31.2

 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

 

X

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

32.1**

 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

 

X

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

32.2**

 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

 

X

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

97.1*

 

Microsoft Corporation Executive Compensation Recovery Policy

 

X

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

98

PART IV

Item 15

 

 

 

 

 

 

Incorporated by Reference

 

Exhibit

Number

 

Exhibit Description

 

Filed

Herewith

 

Form

 

Period

Ending

 

Exhibit

 

Filing Date

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

101.INS

 

Inline XBRL Instance Document—the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

 

X

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

101.SCH

 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents

 

X

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

104

 

Cover page formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101

 

X

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

*	Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

**	Furnished, not filed.

99

PART IV

Item 16

 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

100

 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned; thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Redmond, State of Washington, on July 29, 2026. 

 

MICROSOFT CORPORATION

 

/s/ ALICE L. JOLLA

Alice L. Jolla

Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Registrant and in the capacities indicated on July 29, 2026. 

 

Signature

 

Title

 

 

 

/s/ SATYA NADELLA

 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

Satya Nadella

 

 

 

/s/ CARMINE DI SIBIO

 

Director

Carmine Di Sibio

 

 

 

/s/ REID G. HOFFMAN

 

Director

Reid G. Hoffman

 

 

 

/s/ HUGH F. JOHNSTON

 

Director

Hugh F. Johnston

 

 

 

/s/ TERI L. LIST

 

Director

Teri L. List

 

 

 

/s/ CATHERINE MACGREGOR

 

Director

Catherine MacGregor

 

 

 

 

 

/s/ MARK A. L. MASON

 

Director

Mark A. L. Mason

 

 

 

 

 

/s/ SANDRA E. PETERSON 

 

Lead Independent Director

Sandra E. Peterson

 

 

 

 

/s/ PENNY S. PRITZKER

 

Director

Penny S. Pritzker

 

 

 

 

/s/ JOHN DAVID RAINEY

 

Director

John David Rainey

 

 

 

 

/s/ CHARLES W. SCHARF 

 

Director

Charles W. Scharf

 

 

 

/s/ JOHN W. STANTON 

 

Director

John W. Stanton

 

 

 

 

/s/ EMMA N. WALMSLEY 

 

Director

Emma N. Walmsley

 

 

 

/s/ AMY E. HOOD 

 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

Amy E. Hood

 

 

 

/s/ ALICE L. JOLLA

 

Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer

(Principal Accounting Officer)

Alice L. Jolla

 

 

101

